This is not a typical product
announcement. There are no slides, no
feature walkthroughs. And instead, I
want to tell you a true story about
failing, about getting things almost
completely wrong and how all of that led
us to be level 3.0.
It was November 2025.
I ran the New York City Marathon. When I
crossed that finish line, it felt like I
could do anything. So, I signed up for
the NYC half in March and the Brooklyn
half in May. The goal, beat my PR, not
once, but twice. Half the distance.
Easy, right?
Right. This winter was brutal.
Record-breaking snow and the coldest New
York had been in decades. Every time I
got back on track with my training, a
blizzard would hit or I got sick. It was
a neverending cycle.
>> Severe weather alert.
>> My training fell apart and so did I. By
February, I was so far behind. I had no
idea how I was going to catch up. So, I
did what I always do. I pushed harder.
harder runs, more miles, long, boring
treadmill sessions. I figured if I could
just grind through it, I would get back
on pace.
But I was exhausted all the time. All my
stats tanked. I wasn't improving. Those
PRs became a long lost dream. I had two
races coming up and I did not know if I
was even going to make it to the start
line. If pushing harder wasn't the
answer. I needed a different approach.
What I needed wasn't more miles. It was
a coach. Someone who could look at my
body, my goals, my limits, and tell me
exactly what I need to do.
And that's what we built. We rebuilt
Bevel Intelligence from the ground up to
be your 247 coach. With a new Bevel
Intelligence, I gave it everything. My
fitness levels, constraints, and
schedule. It rode me a day-by-day
training plan all the way through May.
This plan was stored under a new feature
we called files. Files gives Bevel
intelligence persistent knowledge it
needs to create informed and accurate
advice. Anything it learns gets saved so
it can reference it anytime.
But Bevel Intelligence took all this
information and told me something I did
not want to hear. It basically said,
"Look, you are not ready to PR on that
NYC half. Use March as a building block.
Shift your PR goal to Brooklyn in May."
And it was right. I was pushing it in a
way that wasn't realistic.
I decided to give it a shot and listen
to it.
It adjusted my paces so I would not
overdo it. It generated charts to show
me exactly where I was falling short. If
I felt like my body wasn't ready for a
certain workout, Bevel Intelligence
would adjust.
For strength, it customized a plan just
for me. My body, my gym, my goals.
Every morning it would check in, look at
my sleep and recovery, and tweak things
if something was off. It had my back.
But I still felt off. No matter what I
did, I'd wake up exhausted.
It got me thinking,
what if I'm missing something?
I uploaded my blood work into health
records. It's a new way to store all of
my medical documents securely in one
place.
Bevel started connecting the dots I
never would have seen on my own. It
searched publicly available research,
cross reference it with my daily
biometrics, and checked my blood
biomarkers to triangulate what was going
on inside my body. It was like having a
data analyst working around the clock
for me. Turns out my free T3 was out of
range. Based on the fruits I've been
logging, Beville recommended I eat
certain types of vegetables and nuts to
bring it down. I was not just
overtraining. My body was fighting
something I did not even know about.
Once I made these changes, everything
shifted. I was actually recovering. With
this experience, I learned that health
is never straight line. You have some
good weeks and some bad weeks. Most of
the time, the battle is more mental than
it is physical. All I wanted was
something to reassure me I was doing
fine in the long run, but I had no way
to prove it.
This leads me to the third big feature
in this release, biological age.
Biological age is a metric that looks at
every angle of my health from my daily
biometrics like HRV and sleep to my
blood work, nutrition, and habits. It
contextualized all of that and told me
where I actually stood in the grand
scheme of things. This put everything
into perspective for me. Even during my
worst weeks, my biological age was still
stable. The long-term gains were still
there. That gave me permission to
actually rest instead of panicking when
I had a bad week. To trust that I was
still on track.
After months of adjustments, trusting
the process, and letting Beville guide
the way,
race week had finally arrived. My
recovery scores were the best they had
been all winter.
And for the first time in a long time, I
was not nervous about whether I had done
enough. I actually felt ready.
I did not PR, but I ran way stronger
than I expected and I finished, which
honestly mattered more after this whole
experience. But now I'm on track for
Brooklyn in May. And this time, I'm
actually going for it. When I started
Bevel, this was what I had always
envisioned. something that takes your
wearables, your blood work, your
lifestyle, and turns them into
recommendations that are personalized to
you for you. And this is Bevel 3.0.