Right now, thousands of vibe coders are
launching their mobile app, but most of
them are making the exact same mistake.
They ship the app and just hope that
people will find it. But the truth is,
if your app store listing isn't set up
right, then nobody will ever see it, no
matter how good your app is. To prove
this, I invited Sebastian, a $50,000 per
month iOS app builder, to break down the
exact app store optimization
fundamentals that took his app from
invisible to top two in the app store.
In this video, I had Sebastian walk
through the three foundations when it
comes to doing ASO right. specifically
what everyone gets wrong about keywords,
a simple AB test that you can run to up
your conversion rate, and the single
most important thing you need to do if
you want to rank high in the iOS app
store. These are the highest impact
things you can do today, even this
afternoon, if you want to get thousands
of downloads without doing any marketing
at all. If you've launched an app,
you're building one, or you're even
thinking about it, do not skip this
video. This is our ASO master class.
Let's dive in. Welcome to Starter Story
Build.
All right, Sebastian, welcome back to
Starter Story. We had you on recently.
You built this awesome app and you have
some cool things to share today about
how you grew it. But before we get into
all that, can you just give me an update
about how things are going and what you
built?
>> I'm Sebastian. I built four apps that
together make over $50,000 per month. My
main app is Habit Kit. It's a habit
tracking app for iOS and Android. I also
recently launched a new app called Focus
Kit, which has been great so far. My
apps crossed $500,000 in total revenue
in 2025, and I made over $100,000 in
January alone. And today, I'm excited to
share more about my app store
optimization strategy and show you
everything I know.
>> Wow, Sebastian, when we had you on the
channel, I think it was maybe 8 months
ago, you were doing like $15,000 a
month. Now your app is making $100,000 a
month. you did a lot of amazing stuff,
but a lot of this is just being in the
right place at the right time. And I
think the right place to be right now is
the iOS app store. So, that's what we're
going to be talking about today. How to
rank in the app store. We have a bunch
of stuff to go over today, but can you
let us know like by the end of this
video and all the stuff you're going to
share, what are people going to get from
our conversation? Yeah, by the end of
this video, you will know exactly what I
did to get my app habit kit ranking in
the top three on the US app store for
the keyword habit tracker, which is
actually one of the most competitive
keywords out there.
>> Okay, cool. I'm excited about this.
Before we dive in, can you just give us
a high level of what is ASO and what
does it mean for your business?
>> Absolutely. ASO stands for app store
optimization. Think of it as SEO, but
for mobile apps, when someone opens the
app store and types, for example, habit
tracker or fitness app, meditation app,
ASO is actually what determines whether
your app shows up at the top of the
search results or deep down at position
34 where nobody will ever find it. About
98% of my users find Habit Kit directly
through the App Store, Google Play. I
literally do no marketing at all besides
that. Not from Twitter, not from
Instagram ads, just people opening the
store.
>> Okay, cool. I mean, this is amazing.
There are hundreds of millions of people
that are browsing the app store looking
for apps and you've kind of capitalized
on this where you don't have to spend
money on paid ads. You don't need to do
Twitter marketing. You don't need to go
on TikTok. You just did a few things and
98% of your customers came from app
store search. You are the example of
someone who has nailed it perfectly. So,
I wanted to bring you on to talk about
what are the three highest impact,
lowest effort things that you can do now
that anybody who's building apps could
do right now to rank better in ASO and
get thousands of free customers. The
most important thing you can do is
optimizing your keywords. ASO is
basically the strategic placement of
keywords in your apps meet metadata.
This is what Apple and Google use to
understand your app and decide when to
show it in search results. The app name
and the subtitle are the most important
ASO factor. Nothing else comes close to
it.
>> Okay, cool. So, what you're saying is
you may want to think about what the
keywords that people are searching for
when you come up with the name. The name
of your app is habit kit. It has habit
in the name, which is kind of genius.
How can someone watching this do the
same?
>> Yeah. So, before you actually name your
app, you have to go one step back and
actually do some keyword research.
Before that, you need to understand the
keyword landscape you're moving in. What
do people actually search for on the app
store? LLMs like CHPT or Claude can help
you with that. It's a great tool to
brainstorm new keywords. And then you
have to validate whether people actually
search for those terms. I use a tool
called Astro for that because it's very
affordable and it lets you track
unlimited keywords, which is perfect
when you're building a new app. Stor
shows you a popularity score of your
keyword. That means how often do people
search for this keyword. And the other
is the difficulty. How hard is it to
actually rank for the keyword based on
competition. So the sweet spot is a high
popularity and a manageable difficulty.
But honestly, my advice would be for
your primary keyword, rather compete for
a hard high value keyword than dominate
an easy low volume one. After you got
that done, you can finally name your
app. The most important rule, put your
primary keyword in your app name. This
is why habit kit is actually called
habit tracker-habit
kit. My brand name is habit kit of
course, but the keyword habit tracker is
much more valuable to me. Companies like
Dualingo can afford to put it second
because they are such a popular app, but
you as an indie developer can't really
afford it. The other thing, put your
keywords into the subtitle of your app.
Your subtitle gets another 30 characters
on the app store and you can use these
for secondary keywords. For habit kits,
my subtitle is streaks and
accountability. Another important rule
is to don't repeat keywords in the name
and the subtitle. Apple sees them as one
combined string for indexing. And the
last part is the keyword field. and App
Store Connect. There's a keyword field
with 100 characters. Users in the App
Store never see this, but Apple indexes
it for search. There's some rules that
you have to follow for this field. You
have to separate keywords with commas.
Don't use spaces. Don't repeat words
from your name or subtitle. Don't use
plurals if you already use singular.
Don't include competitor app names.
Apple might reject this. Try to utilize
all 100 characters. I love everything
that Sebastian is sharing right now
about how to actually rank in the app
store, but this is just one of many ways
to grow your app. As you guys know,
right here in this channel, I've talked
to dozens of successful mobile app
founders, and they've shared a bunch of
different ways to grow your apps in 2026
and beyond. And from all these
conversations, I've decided to put
together the mobile app growth cheat
sheet. It's a free resource to help you
figure out the strategies that real
founders that are making real revenue
are using right now to actually grow
their apps. Inside this guide, you'll
find the seven different tactics broken
down into bite-siz lessons to help you
grow your app today. If you're ready to
stop building and start growing, then
head to the link in the description to
download the mobile app growth cheat
sheet for free right now. All right,
let's get back to the episode. Okay, so
what I love about these is these are
things that get right. They don't take a
lot of time. you just do it right the
first time or at least if you're
building an app now you can kind of make
some of these quick changes and clearly
it's working for you because you're
doing a ton of revenue on the app store.
So that's super cool. What is the second
foundation, the second kind of lowest
effort, highest impact thing you can do
to rank high in the iOS app store?
>> Okay, now we're getting a little bit
more visual. The second most important
thing about your app store listing are
screenshots. Screenshots affect your
conversion rate the most. The brutal
truth is you only have about three to
five seconds to convince someone to
download on your app store listing and
users are scrolling through your
screenshots like crazy. There are some
strategies that I would follow. The
first one is always put your best and
most visually impressive feature on your
first screenshot. For habit kit, I put
gritbased habit view there. It's unique.
It's beautiful. It's colorful. And it
immediately differentiates us from other
habit trackers. Don't put some generic
welcome screen or onboarding screen
there. That wouldn't make sense. Another
rule that I would follow is show real
user interface. People want to see what
they're actually getting. Don't put too
many abstract graphics or lifestyle
photos that might look fancy in there,
but ultimately they don't really help
someone understand your app. Make sure
to AB test different versions. Apple
lets you do this with their product page
optimization feature, and this lets you
test different versions of your app
page. For example, I recently had a
designer create beautiful new
screenshots for Habit Kit, way better
looking than my original self-made ones.
I was sure they would boost conversions
because they looked so much better. But
I did the AB test and my old less
polished screenshots actually had a
higher conversion rate. So, the lesson,
don't assume fancier is always better.
Always test and sometimes authentic
beats professional.
>> Yeah. visually showing the user what
they're going to get, keeping it
authentic. I can see how it's super
important, especially if someone is
scrolling through the app store and you
want to catch their eye and if you lose
them, you may never get that install.
Thanks for sharing that. What would be
the number three foundation when it
comes to ASO? Last but not least, we
have reviews and ratings in the app
store for your app. Gathering those
ratings and reviews is super important.
They actually give app social proof.
Ratings boost your search rankings.
Apple and Google heavily factor ratings
into their algorithms and they also up
your conversion rate. Even if you rank
well, poor reviews tank your downloads.
Habit Kits has over 7,400 ratings on iOS
with a 4.8 star average and over 10,000
ratings on Google Play with 4.6. And
this took years to build, but this is a
massive competitive advantage against
newer apps.
>> Yeah, I was just chatting with my buddy
who launched his first app and he kept
asking me, "What features do I build? Do
I add a paint wall?" The first thing I
said to him from a lot of the
conversations we've had on this channel
is you need to get a lot more reviews
and you need to up your star rating. And
that should be like your number one
thing to focus on right now because as
you mentioned more reviews push your app
up get it more downloads which sends
more data back to Apple saying we like
this app. So it's this like virtuous
cycle. This is maybe the biggest thing I
think. How can someone watching this
implement this? Yeah, getting new
reviews is really hard. But I can tell
you what worked for me. So timing is
everything. Show the review prompt at a
happy moment in the life cycle of your
app. Not during onboarding, not when
something breaks. For habit kits, as an
example, I show it right after someone
completes their first habit. They feel
accomplished at this moment, and that's
when you usually have to ask for a
review. Don't be annoying. If someone
dismisses the prompt, don't show it
again for a while. Respect your user and
his needs. Definitely respond to every
review. I do this since I started
building apps. I reply to every review.
I thank the good ones. I try to help on
the bad ones. This builds massive trust
and people sometimes update their
one-star reviews to a fivestar after you
fix the issue. And I have a email
signature trick. I get a lot of support
emails for Habit Kit. And after each
reply, I always add, "Hey, if you're
enjoying the app, I'd be grateful for
review." And in this moment, the users
just got a quick and kind help from an
engaged indie developer. And a gentle
ask for a review at this moment often
works. And that amounts to a lot of
happy five-star reviews. Actually, my
last tip, use reviews as product
insights. If 20 people mention wanting
the same features in your reviews,
that's a strong signal. I've prioritized
entire features based on review
patterns.
>> That's amazing. thing. I mean, that's
one of those little things that I see
with a lot of founders who come on to
the channel is the care they have for
every single person that uses their app.
Almost a feeling of gratitude. Hey,
you're using this thing that I built and
I hope it works for you and I'll do
whatever it takes to try to fix your
issues. This is usually what I see in
founders like you who are crushing it.
Thank you for coming on and sharing
these three foundations. This is the
real stuff here. Last question that I
ask every founder who comes on. If you
could go back in time to just starting
your app, hoping to one day be at this
place that you're at, what advice would
you have for app builders who want to
follow in your footsteps?
>> So, one piece of advice I would wish
someone had given me at the start of my
journey is give it time. ASO is not a
quick win. It's a long game. When I
launched Habit Kit in November 2022, I
was invisible on the app store. I
searched for Habit tracker and scrolled
through pages without finding my app. I
was doing all the right things. I did my
keyword research. I made cool looking
screenshots. I was collecting reviews,
but I wasn't ranking. But I kept going.
I kept shipping updates. I improved the
app. And very slowly, things started to
shift. After about 6 months, I cracked
the top 10 in some non- US markets like
the UK and Germany. That was pretty
encouraging and big for me. After about
a year, I started appearing in the top
10 in the US. occasionally, not
consistently, but I was there. And after
nearly 3 years, I'm now consistently in
the top five. Yeah. So, ultimately,
success in the app store is a marathon,
not a sprint.
>> Okay, cool. So, one thing that I love
about ASO is that the actions that you
take today, you may not see the results
for many, many months. So, stick with
it. Focus on the principles. Thanks for
coming on and sharing all this,
Sebastian. Congrats on all your success.
>> Thank you very much for having me.