https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEX94QeebRM
Hello there. It's finally time for the
Fitbit Air in-depth review. I've had
this thing for a couple of weeks now,
and I've been taking it out on all of my
runs and adventures and races. And in
this video today, we're going to dive
through what this thing can do well and
some of its shortcomings. All right, I
got to finish my run. Let's get back to
the studio. Full disclaimer, this video
is pretty long- winded and pretty
indepth. I made charts and comparisons
and heart rate accuracy tests. There's a
lot to it, but to spoil this whole
video, uh the Google Fitbit Air is
pretty awesome, but it does have some
quirks that we will talk about. Before
we get all the way into it, a quick
reminder. If you find this video
entertaining or useful or fun, please go
down and give me the thumbs up and
subscribe to the channel down below so
you don't miss my future videos. And
make sure to check out the video
description down below where you can
pick up a Fitbit Air or any of these
other devices like the Whoop Band, a
Mazefit Helio, or even my Garmin
smartwatch here. Okay, jumping right in.
What is the Fitbit Air? Well, a quick
recap of the hardware and the price.
This thing comes in at $99 here in the
USA, and there is no subscription
required for the Fitbit Air, which is
kind of a big deal because the Whoop
Band has a $200 to $359
a year subscription. That's something
you pay forever, where the Fitbit Air is
essentially free once you buy it. But
there is an optional subscription, a
paid tier for Google Health. And we're
going to talk all about Google Health
Premium in a minute, but just know it is
very optional. You don't really need it
to use this thing. Now, when it comes to
the hardware on the Fitbit Air, it is a
very simple, tiny little device. If you
watched my unboxing video, I was uh
flatout shocked by the size and weight
of this thing. It comes in at just 12 g
with the included band. It is super
lightweight, super small, and honestly,
you kind of forget it's on your wrist,
it honestly just feels like you're
wearing like a bracelet instead of a
full-on fitness tracker. And if I
compare something like the Whoop Band MG
to the Fitbit Air on the right here, you
can see it's like half the width, and
it's also considerably lighter. And
that's also the case with the AmazeFit
Helio Band. Very small compared to that
or the Polar Loop here. Again, very
small compared to that. Now, this device
is super simple. It's just a little pod
that you can pop in and out of the band.
This is like the brains of the operation
here. There are multiple bands you can
choose from, which I do have all of them
here. And this little pod has only a
couple of features really. On the side,
there is a little LED indicator where if
I tap it, it should glow to give me a
battery status. And underneath, we do
have the full suite of sensors. There's
a optical heart rate sensor. If I cover
up, you'll see the little green flashy
light there. Uh, there's an SPO2 sensor
and there is a skin temperature sensor
built in as well. The Fitbit Air is also
water resistant, so you can swim with
it. You can take it in the shower as
long as it's not scolding hot and going
to melt this thing. And when it comes to
the bands, I've got all three options at
launch. Now, I've got the Steph Curry
edition performance band on the left
here, but they also make different
colors of this. This is like a nylon
Velcro band, and it's super easy to get
on and off and also very comfortable.
The only thing I don't like about this
band is that it does absorb some water.
So, if you get really sweaty, it does
take some time to dry out. It's not the
end of the world because it is synthetic
fabric and it dries quickly. But
something to note. Now, this here is the
athletic band, which is completely made
out of rubber or silicone here. Uh, this
is much better for active pursuits when
you're sweating or swimming or something
like that. However, I absolutely hate
taking this thing on and off. You got to
like loop it through itself. And then
once you do that, the little nub on the
back tends to pop off because you got to
loop this through here. And as you're
looping it through, you got to pop the
little metal thing through there. And
it's just kind of a pain. And then
finally, here is the elevated band. And
they designed this to like look more
premium, like for a night out on the
town or something like that. But the
funny thing is, I actually like wearing
this over the other bands because, as
you can see, super easy to put on
onehanded. It's got a little hook on the
back that hooks onto itself and there's
little ribs inside to keep it secured.
And it looks really cool. And uh I found
even like during runs and stuff, it
doesn't absorb any moisture. It doesn't
get dinged up or damaged. I like this
band the most and it's the one I've been
wearing the most. I didn't think I would
like this one the most. Generally
speaking though, all these bands are
super comfortable and very high quality.
It's a big step up from a lot of their
competition. Now, when it comes to the
bands though, there is one glaring
downside to the Fitbit Air, and it's
that right now, at the time of filming
the video, there is no bicep band for
wearing the Fitbit Air up on your arm
rather than your wrist. And that is
something I use every single day with my
Whoop band and the Amaze Fit Helio band.
So, hopefully Google can come up with a
bicep band soon. However, I would assume
by the time you finish this video,
there'll probably be like 30 of them on
Amazon from XYZ brand. Anyways, now
another feature of the Fitbit Air is
that under the hood there is a vibration
motor for haptic feedback while you're
wearing the band. That vibration motor
is used for two things. First of all, to
indicate when the battery level is low.
You'll get a little pulse on your wrist
to remind you to charge it. But the
second thing is that it can work as a
wake up alarm to get you up in the
morning. Now, the cool thing here in the
Google Health app is if I dive into
alarms is that it also has a smart wake
alarm that will wake you up at the
optimal time in your sleep cycle. And in
my experience so far, it works quite
well. Other than the alarm and battery
level though, the haptic feedback does
nothing else. And I think the Fitbit Air
would have been cool if you could enable
the haptic feedback for notifications as
well. Imagine a small pulse for text
messages or phone calls or even a little
pulse for when you hit a mile marker or
kilometer marker when you're out on your
next run. I feel like that could be
really useful and it seems like no one
is doing that. Moving on to battery life
on the Fitbit Air. So, Google spec
around 7 days of use on a single charge
uh with the Fitbit Air. Now, I'm happy
to report that in my use, which has been
a pretty heavy use case, I've been
getting about 8 days of use on a single
charge. And the weird thing is it
doesn't seem to change no matter how
many runs I do or how many manual
activities I trigger. Uh the battery
life is pretty consistent and depletes
about the same amount every single day.
So we are getting more than advertised
battery life here which is a good thing.
Now for charging the device, you do get
this little USBC charger in the box with
USBC and this magnetic end. It's a no
fuss solution. The cable is long enough
for most situations and uh I like the
charger. So, that's the hardware and
we'll talk accuracy of the sensors and
stuff later. But what about the
software? Google Health. Now, this
updated Google Health app is kind of a
big deal because as you can see here, I
am running this on an iPhone. And on my
iPhone, I pretty much have every feature
that an Android user would have, which
is really cool that they updated the app
to be in line with the Android version.
Another thing to mention here is at the
top of the screen you can see it says
premium and that's because I am using
Google health premium which is the
optional page subscription that unlocks
Google's AI health coach along with the
fitness library with all these pre-built
workouts here. But just know everything
else I show you in this video from the
readiness score to sleep metrics and all
the other stuff you do get for free. So
you don't need to pay just to unlock
metrics. It's all there even on the free
tier. Now, as for Google Health Premium,
that subscription does cost $9.99 a
month or $99 a year, and you will get 3
months for free with the purchase of
your Fitbit Air to try it out and decide
whether or not you want to keep it. Back
to the app, though, one of the things I
noticed right off the bat when I updated
to Google Health from the Fitbit app is
that if I go into my device tab here,
you can now pair multiple devices to
Google Health where on Fitbit, you can
only pair one device. So, this is a huge
upgrade now because you can pair
multiple devices in Google Health. Now,
it means that if you're wearing the
Fitbit Air during the day and collecting
steps and sleep data, etc., and then you
take it off and put on a different
device, that different device will pick
up where this device left off, and all
the data will be merged. You won't get
duplicates or anything like that. Okay,
moving on to the next topic in Google
Health, third-party services. This is
another really interesting feature. So,
if I go into my settings here, you can
see I can now pair thirdparty services
to Google Health in the form of Apple
Health, Health Sync or Strava. Now, in
Strava, you can upload all of your
activities like your runs and bike rides
and stuff like that. If you record
something on the Fitbit Air, it'll go
over to Strava, so you can get all those
kudos. But when it comes to Apple
Health, this is an even bigger deal
because that means anything that syncs
to Apple Health like Garmin, Amazefitit,
Choros, Polar, Sundto, my eightle
mattress cover, and multiple other
devices can now be pulled in to Google
Health. The idea here is that Google
wants you to use Google Health as sort
of a central hub for all of your data.
So you can aggregate everything in one
place and then not have to worry about
multiple different apps. Now, in theory,
this is awesome. However, there are a
few catches. The first major catch is
that the sync with Apple Health is only
one direction. It's not birectional.
What that means in practice is that if
you're an Apple Watch user or a Garmin
user, you're not going to be able to
close your rings on Apple Fitness or add
up your stats and Garmin Connect with
the Fitbit Air because that data doesn't
go back to those apps. Now, you can
still use an Apple Watch and the Fitbit
Air or a Garmin watch and the Fitbit Air
together. You just have to commit to
viewing all of your data in Google
Health instead of the other apps. Google
has stated that they will be enabling
two-way sync down the road, but at
launch, this is only a one-way street.
So, that's just something to keep in
mind, and I don't know how long it will
take for them to turn this on. Now, in
this example here, I have linked my
Apple Health to Google Health. So, it's
able to pull in all kinds of data from
all kinds of devices that I use. I have
a lot of devices, by the way. Now, when
I view my data, a whole bunch of data
has been pulled into Google Health. But
again, there is another catch that is
not Google's fault. The data you're
seeing here from my heart rate to my
heart rate variability, etc., relies
entirely as to whether or not that third
party like Garmin or Apple actually
share the data with Apple Health. For
example, my Garmin here does share my
heart rate or my resting heart rate with
Apple Health, but it does not share
heart rate variability or HRV with Apple
Health. So, if I tap in on heart rate
variability here and tap these buttons
in the corner to view all the sources,
you can see I can have my Fitbit Air, my
Ultra Ring, or my Amazefitit device
here, but not from my Garmin because
Garmin doesn't share HRV with Apple
Health. So if I dive into my heart rate
metric here in view sources in here you
can see I have Fitbit eight sleep from
my mattress my Garmin connect account
ultraum and amazefitit. If I go down to
my weight here and view sources I have
Garmin connect and polar flow but
nothing else for some reason. And if I
go to something like calories burned or
energy burned for example I can only
pull in Fitbit or Google data with
nothing else. Now, if we take a look at
the estimated V2 max metric here, this
metric is generated entirely from
Fitbit. They're not pulling this in from
anybody else. If I jump over to the
fitness tab here in Google Health, let's
look at activities because this is an
area where third party support is super
reliable. Meaning, if I record a run on
an Apple Watch or my Garmin or an
Amazefitit watch, that all will get
pulled into my activity list here in
Google Health. And as you can see,
there's a little icon next to each
activity to tell me what they are. For
example, I've got these hearts up here.
And if I tap on that, you can see this
particular activities is from Amazefitit
or Zap. And if I see the Fitbit Air icon
with a little star next to it, that
means it was automatically detected and
not a manual workout. And the cool thing
is that third-party recorded activities
do factor in to all of your metrics. So
you can see here this uh Amazefitit
workout I did has a cardio load value to
it and so does my Garmin workouts down
below here. So that'll factor into your
cardio load and your readiness score and
all the other metrics which is really
cool. The only thing that's not great
about importing thirdparty exercises or
workouts is duplicates. So Google Health
does intelligently remove or hide
duplicates. If you have two activities
that are super similar in duration and
start time, for example, if I started a
run on my Garmin and my Fitbit Air at
the same time, it would hide my Garmin
activity in Google Health and prioritize
the Fitbit Air activity. However, if the
activities are different enough, then
they're factored in twice. And you can
see that happening already here. So, I
know this 56-minute run recorded by Zep
is also the same run that was 37 minutes
long recorded by the Fitbit Air. But for
now, it's fine. It's just something to
be aware of. So, like I said, you could
make this work as a Garmin or Apple
Watch user or any other watch for that
matter. You just sort of need to commit
to using Google Health as your main hub
or app. Okay, so I sort of jumped ahead
of myself there and got into a lot of
the weeds of the app, but I do want to
show you a quick overview of how Google
Health is laid out. Now, I already made
an entire video walking through the app,
so I'm not going to repeat everything.
Go check that out that video if you want
an entire app walkthrough. But here's a
quick lay of the land here. So on the
home screen, you do have all of your
pertinent details at the top with
certain metrics like your cardio load,
your step count for the day, readiness
score for the day, and your sleep from
the previous night. In the readiness
score is one of the more useful tools in
the Google Health app. It's pretty much
a snapshot at the beginning of your day
trying to tell you how ready you are to
take on the day ahead based on a 0ero to
100 scale and factors in things like
your heart rate variability, your recent
sleep, and your resting heart rate. Now,
you can swipe over from here and all
these additional metrics can be
customized. If you tap the pencil icon
here, you can click and drag and move
things around and add or remove as you
please. Now, down below here, we do have
the Google Health Coach giving me a
blurb for my upcoming day ahead, telling
me what time I woke up, which was before
5:00 a.m., by the way, thanks to my dog
for some reason. Now, jumping over from
the today tab to the fitness tab. This
is where you've got the Google Fitness
workout library. So, this is all the
pre-built strength training or Pelaton
classes, mobility, recovery, yoga, etc.
Again, these are part of the paid Google
Health subscription. Down below the
library, we do have all of my recent
activities. And again, I can click on
see all to go way back in time and see
all of my activities. Scrolling down
further, we do have key metrics like
cardio load, which is sort of how active
you were on a given day. I can jump into
cardio load and view it week by week to
see how active I was over time. And then
down below cardio load, you get a whole
bunch of other general health metrics
like your HRV, your resting heart rate.
And then jumping over to the health tab
here. This is where all of your core
health metrics live. And down the bottom
here, we do have this new feature where
you can actually pull in medical records
from a healthcare provider to have it
analyzed in the app. I haven't tried
that yet, but it's actually a pretty
cool idea. And down the bottom here, you
do have this health check area that
tells you if there's something you
should pay attention to, like AIB or a
regular rhythm, your high heart rate
notification or low heart rate
notification, which I managed to trigger
today. So, that is the app in a
nutshell. And I'm not going to go
through every little detail because you
can do that on your own and download it.
But, in my opinion, the app is really
nice. I like the layout. I like how much
data you get. Um, it's well polished.
Now, if you are a Whoop user or another
competitor device user, you might notice
some things are missing here. For
example, there is no stress metric at
all on the Google Health ecosystem, but
there's also no strain score like what
you'd find on the Whoop band, which a
lot of people really like. Uh but again,
you could kind of derive that from the
cardio load score. And there's also no
daily journal function like what you
find on Whoop or Garmin where you can
input if you had a couple of glasses of
wine or if you're feeling sick or
something like that. You can't really do
that here on the Google Health app.
Though you can kind of do that by using
Google Health Coach and telling it how
you're feeling or what you did and it
will remember that. And the final thing
missing from Google Health as an app is
kind of weird. uh you cannot enter
custom heart rate zones. Now, you can
customize the heart rate zones by
putting in your max heart rate, but you
can't go zone by zone and tell it uh the
ranges for each zone, which a lot of the
competitors can do. Okay, now it's time
to get into the weeds with all these
metrics. Now, I selected a handful of
metrics to compare side by side with all
of these other test devices and my
Garmin watch as well. Now, to be clear,
these comparison charts kind of mean
nothing because I don't really have a
scientific way to measure things like
HRV, for example, but I still thought
this would be interesting because if
most of the devices agree on a
day-by-day basis, it probably means
those are accurate. So, the first metric
I want to look at is HRV or heart rate
variability over a 7-day period. As you
can see here, the Fitbit Air is in blue.
All of the devices here tend to trend a
similar direction on a given day.
However, even though the Fitbit Air
trends in the same direction, it is
considerably lower than the other test
devices in this comparison. Next up,
let's take a look at the daily readiness
score and compare that to a similar
feature on all these other devices. That
could be something like Garmin's body
battery, the Whoop recovery score, or a
Misfit Biocharge. This is not an
applesto apples comparison because all
of these features are a little bit
different, but they are trying to
accomplish a similar result and telling
you how much energy you have to take on
the day ahead. Here we can see that the
Fitbit score is always a little bit
higher except for that one day where I
was really run down and not feeling
well. I didn't sleep well uh and I got a
really low score. Other than that, the
Fitbit's readiness score is always on
the higher side compared to the
competition, and it seems to mostly
agree with Whoop's recovery score, which
is kind of interesting. Okay, next up,
we have resting heart rate. And again,
this will not be apples to apples
because I think these different brands
are measuring resting heart rate a
little bit differently. Garmin, for
example, I think they're using your
resting heart rate during sleep, like
the lowest recorded heart rate during
sleep, while Whoop and Fitbit seem to
consider the average lowest heart rate
during awake hours or over a 24-hour
period. But it is kind of interesting to
see that Whoop and Fitbit tend to agree
here, while Amazefitit, EightLe, and
Garmin all agree in a sort of separate
cluster. Next, we have the sleep score.
And here the most erratic on a
day-to-day basis is my eightle mattress,
which is kind of interesting. I will
note that on 515 on this graph, I had a
terrible night of sleep. And I feel like
Garmin's super low score feels the most
accurate here, but that's just based on
the way I felt. Other than that, with
the sleep score, the Fitbit Air tends to
lean on the lower side of the spectrum
compared to the other devices and agrees
mostly with the Amaze Fit and Garmin
here. Next, we have step count. This is
something a lot of people are really
worried about. Having a super accurate
step tracker. Now, to be clear, having
an accurate step tracker doesn't really
matter that much. What does matter is
having a good baseline of your movement
on a day-to-day basis. So, even if your
step tracker is off by a thousand steps
or whatever, it's still good to see when
you had an active day and less active
day. And most of these devices can still
do that. As you can see on my graph
here, none of these devices lined up
perfectly. Uh, when it comes to step
tracking, they're all a little bit
different, but the Fitbit Air was
definitely the highest on a day-to-day
basis for some reason. The Amazfit Helio
Band, which I wear on my bicep, which
could affect this, was always on the
lower side. And the other devices were
sprinkled in between there. And the
final graph I want to show you is
estimated V2 max and how the Fitbit Air
compares to these other devices and a V2
Max lab test. As you can see, all of the
devices are actually within the ballpark
of my most recent lab results, but the
Fitbit Air is surprisingly the closest
with an estimated V2 max of 54.8. So,
that's my data comparison extravaganza.
Hopefully, you found that useful. Even
though it's not very scientific, I
thought it would still be fun to do.
Okay, it's that time. We got to talk
about AI. We got to talk about Google's
Health Coach because it is really
interesting. Google's Health Coach is a
paid feature. I've said that a bunch of
times, but I want to keep that clear.
Uh, now it does unlock a lot of
capabilities that are very different
than all the other wearables out there
from Whoop, Amazefitit, whatever with
their AI stuff. The difference here with
Google's Health Coach is that it feels
very conversational and like you're
actually talking to a person. And the
feedback I've been getting from the
Health Coach feels really insightful and
useful. And that's something I just
don't usually get from the competition.
Another cool thing about Health Coach is
that I can simply tap the microphone
icon and I can actually just talk to it.
As you can see here, it's transcribing
at the bottom of the screen. Uh, instead
of having to type things out, which kind
of leans more into that conversational
feeling of this app, you can upload a
file like a spreadsheet of your training
plan or what you ate over the past 30
days or something like that, and it
should be able to crunch the numbers on
that and give you feedback on your next
marathon block or something. But
Google's health coach can do a lot of
things. For example, I told it that I
want to run a sub3h hour 30 minute
marathon and it generated a full
training plan for me and it even
adjusted my cardio load on a daily basis
to meet my goal. So every day now when I
jump into the fitness tab and go to the
top, it reminds me of my training plan
and it gives me all these workout
suggestions here. The training plan is
also adaptable and will change to my
fitness level. So if I get more fit, it
should be more aggressive. If I start to
overtrain or get less fit, it should
relax a little bit. Another benefit to
Google's Health Coach is just that it's
fully accessible on every screen within
the app because of this little ask coach
button in the corner here. You can also
use it for just health questions. So, if
you're not feeling well on a given day
or you have a elevated heart rate or
something like that, you can ask it
questions about that and it should
provide feedback on whether or not you
should go to your doctor. What I find
really interesting about Google's health
coach is also how contextually aware it
is. For example, it often brings up the
weather outside. For the past couple of
days, it's been really hot out and it's
been reminding me to drink a lot of
water or electrolytes before my next run
and also reminding me how to recover
after a big effort in the heat. But the
other funny thing about Google Health is
that it has a memory. So, if you tell it
something, it will remind you of that
thing several times. For example, I
mentioned at one point I was drinking a
Red Bull, which has a lot of caffeine in
it. And it told me and warned me that
you should avoid caffeine and how much
to drink, etc. But an even funnier
example is about a week ago, I ran a
race where they had free beer at the
finish line and I happened to tell
Google Health Coach that I was
recovering from my run by drinking a
couple of beers, which it did not like.
It told me to avoid the beer and that
it's not healthy and yes, it's right.
But then for like several following days
after that, it mentioned, "Hey Dave,
don't drink beer tonight." It it kept
popping up in my daily insight. But
because that was kind of annoying, I
actually told Google Health Coach that I
was joking about that beer in recovery
and that I don't drink every single day
and it actually stopped reminding me of
that. So, you can have it adjust and
adapt to your needs as you want by just
talking back to it, which is kind of
cool. Yes, it is still AI and it's still
filled with a fair amount of slop, but
there are some really useful things it
can do as well. And I have to imagine if
you are someone new to a fitness
journey, this could be really useful.
So, it might be worth the subscription
if you're willing to get into it. Now,
if you hate all this AI stuff, the good
news is you could just avoid that
subscription and you won't see any of it
and you'll still get all of the features
of the Fitbit Air. Okay, next topic,
workout modes and detection. So, the
Fitbit Air can record workouts in two
different ways. Like I said before, you
can simply press the start button here,
go down to the activity you want to do,
click on that activity, and it will
countdown and then start your workout.
Now, if you do an outdoor activity like
a run or a bike ride, you will get GPS
from your phone and you'll get all these
metrics here that you can view on the
fly. However, you can also record
automatically detected activities by
simply doing nothing, just wearing the
device and going out for a run.
Autodetected activities will work for
running, walking, cycling, indoor and
outdoor, elliptical, and rowing out of
the box. However, these autodetected
activities also seem to work for any
other activity type that raises your
heart rate. And they're usually marked
by little thing that says maybe
activity, like you can see here with the
little question mark, maybe activity.
Now, the cool thing about automatically
detected activities is that they can be
refined even further. And what I mean by
that is, for example, if every Saturday
you go for a hike and you don't start a
manual activity, the Fitbit Air will
record that as a walk by default. Now,
after the fact, when you go in to the
app, you might see that it will ask you,
did you go for a walk? did you go for a
hike or something else? And depending
how you categorize it, it will actually
remember that. So the next Saturday when
you go on that hike, it'll remember that
last Saturday was a hike, so this
Saturday is probably a hike, too. And it
will automatically categorize that
follow-up activity as a hike. Now, as
for what data you get from an
automatically detected activity, you get
all this cardio load, duration, distance
that's estimated from the accelerometer,
my pace, my zone minutes, steps, and
calories burned. And down below here, we
get a full heart rate graph, as well as
full heart rate data that can be
exported to a TCX file if you want to do
that. Now, when it comes to accuracy
from auto detection, it's been pretty
reliable for me. Now, to be fair, I've
only been going walking or running with
it. I haven't really tested it out
swimming or bike riding or elliptical or
any of those other things. So, you'll
have to wait for other reviews for that.
And in this case, going for a run with
auto detection, it's also been pretty
accurate there, too. Only missing a few
seconds at the beginning and end of the
activity as compared to manually
starting it on my watch. Now, when it
comes to auto detection, compared to
something like the Whoop Band, which is
arguably one of the class leaders with
auto detection, it's not quite on the
same level. like the Whoop band will
pick up a lot of different activities
throughout the day, whether that be yard
work or mountain biking or whatever, and
it always seems to categorize them
correctly, which is really surprising.
Another cool feature of the Fitbit Air
when it comes to working out is that the
Fitbit Air can actually act as a
external heart rate sensor. This device
can broadcast a Bluetooth signal just
like an external heart rate sensor,
except it's a full-on activity tracker.
Just like the Whoop Band and Amazfit
Helio, the Fitbit Air can do that, too.
To do that, you go into your settings
menu here, hit share heart rate, and you
can either select always visible or you
can have it on demand. As you can see
here, it's waiting to connect. If you do
turn on always visible, it will consume
more battery life, so I tend to leave
that off. Now, in terms of compatibility
as an external sensor, it's been hit or
miss. For some reason, I cannot get this
to pair with my Garmin watch as an
external sensor, but I was able to get
it to pair on just about every other
watch from different manufacturers like
Choros, Sundto, and Amaze Fit. And it
should go without saying that this
feature should also work with most
treadmills or indoor bikes, things of
that that nature that can support a
Bluetooth sensor. With broadcasting the
heart rate out of the way, how accurate
is the heart rate sensor on the new
Fitbit Air? So, in terms of heart rate
accuracy on the Fitbit Air, I've gotten
some mixed results. But I need to
preface this by saying initially when I
started testing this device, I was
getting some pretty bad heart rate
readings. After I spoke to Google about
this, they actually let me know that
there was a pre-production firmware
issue with the Fitbit Air and exporting
TCX files from the app that caused some
issues in the heart rate data. And I for
one was definitely seeing this glitch at
the beginning of just about every
activity. I had this big long flat line
in my heart rate data that was like
stuck at 180 beats per minute and then
would eventually stabilize and then lock
onto my heart rate. So unfortunately a
whole bunch of my test data is kind of
unusable at this point and when I export
the files they all have this flatline.
Now ignoring that flatline I'm still
getting some mixed results. So, let's
walk through a few examples of heart
rate sensor accuracy with the Fitbit
Air. This first example is a fivemile
race I ran while also wearing my Garmin
49er 970 and an ECG sensor on my chest.
Now, as you can see, we do see that
flatline at the beginning of the run
locked at like 180 beats per minute. But
after that, you can see that the Fitbit
Air does fall in line and does become
pretty accurate by the end of the run.
However, early on we do see some wobbles
and the heart rate is about 10 beats per
minute lower than the reference baseline
ECG sensor. Moving on to the next
example, we've got a 5m run that was at
a lower intensity just for training. And
this example does look much much better
and it does look more in line with the
baseline ECG sensor. However, if we zoom
into this example, we can see some
really weird artifacts where the heart
rate is sort of oscillating up and down
between a high and a low value. These
jitters or wobbles seem to occur
throughout the entire track and uh
they're kind of un unexplained. To be
honest, I've been doing this for a while
and these do look like a software bug
rather than a hardware defect, which is
a good thing and means it's probably
related to that pre-production issue I
was having early on. Uh so it's probably
going to be fixed by the time the Fitbit
Air starts shipping. Important note,
those wobbles you're seeing in this
particular track are not visible within
the Google Health app viewing the
activity. Only when I export the data,
which again means it's probably a
software thing. And finally, I've got
one more example for you. And this
example looks way better. The
interesting thing about this example is
it was recorded after a software update
where I updated my Google Health and
there was an update for the Fitbit Air.
So, it seems to me like Google may have
already fixed the heart rate sensor in
the bugs I was seeing. And what that
means is unfortunately I will need a lot
more testing to do with this heart rate
sensor to come to a conclusion as to
whether or not it's good and before I
can put my gold star on it, my sort of
stamp of approval. But in the meantime,
it does seem like the Fitbit Air does
have decent heart rate accuracy,
ignoring some of those weird artifacts I
was seeing. And particularly this will
be fine for most people to wear in their
everyday life to get their readiness
score and resting heart rate and
activity throughout the day. So that's
all the data and all the features of the
new Fitbit Air. So, what do I think
about the Fitbit Air after these two
weeks of using it? Well, I'm impressed
with it. I like the software. I like the
feedback I'm getting from it. The
readiness score is super helpful. I love
the fact that the app is updated for my
iPhone and that it's a pretty much a
mirror of the Android version now and
there's no limitations or anything like
that. I love the fact I can pair
multiple devices to it. If only the
Pixel Watch compared to an iPhone, that
would be great. I love the fact that
it's just $99 and doesn't have a
required subscription and the fact that
the the subscription does feel very
optional. I like the Google Health Coach
and I do think it would be useful for
more entrylevel users to get up to speed
with their health and and what they can
do to improve their fitness. I do think
the health coach will work in that
capacity, but if you don't want to pay
that $10 a month subscription, it's
definitely optional and you get to try
it out for 3 months before you have to
commit to it. The hardware is really
nice. I love the bands. They're very
high quality. Certainly a cut above some
of the competition, like the Amaze Fit,
for example. The Helio Band uh straps
are just not super high quality. So,
it's nice to see Google spent some time
on theirs. And if you compare it to
something like the Whoop band here, it's
certainly a better value. Now, is it
going to be a Whoop killer like a lot of
people are saying? I don't think so. The
Whoop 5.0 or MG still has some allure to
it. There's still a lot of people that
like the idea of the strain score and
recovery and the way the Whoop app works
and how it's sort of a simple interface.
And Whoop still has some of those unique
metrics like the inner age metric which
you don't get a comparable thing on the
Fitbit Air or even the blood pressure
insights that you get from the Whoop
that you don't get on Fitbit. The Whoop
is certainly more expensive, but I feel
like people invested in Whoop love their
Whoops and they're probably going to
continue to buy them. And I still think
new users interested in Whoop will still
buy them because it's Whoop and they've
made a name for themselves. Now, will
the Fitbit Air put a dent in Whoop
sales? Absolutely. Because there's a lot
of people out there that didn't want to
pay $359 a year for a little band that
you're wearing your wrist. This is
certainly a viable alternative at a much
lower price point, and it does a lot of
things well. So, at this point, should
you throw away your Whoop or Amazefit or
Polar Loop to go for a Fitbit Air? I
don't think so. To be honest, these are
all trying to accomplish a similar
thing, and they're all doing the job
fairly well. It's really going to depend
on your ecosystem and what you want to
get out of your device. For example,
with the Amazefitit Helio Band, one of
the biggest benefits is that it's
compatible with other Amazefitit
products. So, if you already have an
Amazefitit watch and you run
ultramarathons and want that super long
battery life you get from the T-Rex
Ultra 2 or whatever, the Amazefitit
Helio still makes more sense to get over
the Fitbit Air because it ties into that
ecosystem. The Fitbit Air can be used as
a companion to other wearables, but like
I said earlier, it's a little bit of a
challenge. But the Fitbit Air also has
its own ecosystem with the Pixel watches
and other Fitbits, and that's where this
thing will make a lot of sense and as a
standalone device. But that's just my
opinion, and I'm just some guy here on
YouTube. And that's why I want to hear
from you in the comments down below. Are
you interested in the new Fitbit Air?
Did you already pre-order one? Are you
going to run out buy one? Do you have
one already? Let me know in the comments
down below what you think of it. what's
interesting about it. I'd love to hear
from you. And if you didn't get one,
what are you using instead? I'd love to
hear from you. And after you're done
leaving your comment, don't forget to
check out the video description down
below where you can pick up any of the
things I talked about in this video,
like the Fitbit Air, the Whoop, the uh
Misfit Helio, my Garmin watch. In some
cases, I have discount codes down there
as well. So, definitely check them out.
And finally, the most important part
after this long- winded video, don't
forget to give me a big old thumbs up
and subscribe to the channel down below
so you don't miss more videos from me in
the future to validate why I'm in this
room talking to a camera by myself. That
would be great. Okay, friends, I'm going
to go now. I'm starting to lose my voice
after this one. I'll see you in the next
one. There's still more coming. I'll see
you very soon. Okay, bye.
Heat. Heat. N.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_uSpR_4hmg&t=6s
All right, so this is the new Fitbit
Air, and this is probably the most
anticipated device of 2026 so far. And
it has a lot of potential to be the next
big thing in health and fitness. And
today, we're going to answer if the
Fitbit Air can actually live up to all
that hype. And there's a ton of things
going for it, like the price, the fact
that it'll work with a Pixel Watch and
even some other devices, Fitbit's long
history in health and fitness, and that
it doesn't require a subscription. But
at $99, that's a pretty attractive price
tag when it comes to tracking all our
health and activities. There's an
optional subscription which adds more
features, but the core functionality
still works without a subscription,
which is different than some other
options out there and very well may be
another reason why this is getting so
much attention. But there's the question
of if that subscription is actually
worth it and other questions like is
this really accurate when it comes to
heart rate and activity tracking. So,
we'll be answering all those questions
in this video where I test it for
running, cycling, weight training,
high-intensity interval training, and
I'll also be talking about what kind of
stats that you can get when it comes to
health tracking, sleep tracking, as well
as recovery. So, if you do find the
information in this video to be useful,
just do me a favor and hit that like
button down below and just watch the
video all the way through because
there's actually a lot this device can
do, but there's also some important
things to know about it. Oh, and then
one more quick thing, too, is that I'll
be making some comparisons in some other
devices in this video. But the
differences are actually kind of
fascinating between these. So, I'm going
to have some more dedicated in-depth
comparison videos that'll be coming up
soon, and I'll also have some other
videos like some top tips and tricks to
get the most out of the Fitbit Air. So,
make sure to subscribe to the channel to
get a notification when those videos
come out. All right, so we have a lot to
talk about today in terms of accuracy,
health stats, and how good this is going
to be for sports. But I quickly wanted
to go over the band options in case
you're curious about which one to go
with. But if you want more detail with
like a dedicated video, let me know down
in the comment section. But basically
for sports, the performance band or the
Steph Curry band, these are going to be
your best options because they have the
most stretch, but they do stay a little
bit wet after workout. The active band
they say is going to be intended for
sports, but it doesn't have quite as
much stretch as I would like, but it is
really, really low profile. And then the
elevated band. This looks really, really
good, but this doesn't really have much
stretch at all. But with all these band
options, it's a really low profile
tracker and does compare pretty well
with some other trackers out there. But
I do have to say that I really
appreciate the thinness of this, which
is definitely not the norm. And
honestly, it just makes it extremely
comfortable to wear during the day,
during workouts, as well as sleep. But
what is great about this is that the
Pebble pops out super easy, and you just
place it into one of these other bands
whenever you like. One kind of bummer,
though, is that there's no official
armband, at least at launch. So, they
said that they're not opposed to the
idea, and I'd guess they're at least
playing around with the idea, but I'm
sure we're going to see a third party
option on Amazon, maybe even by the time
this video is over. Now, when it comes
to battery life, so it's been a strong 7
days for my testing, and probably closer
to eight. So, that 7-day battery life
claim seems to be conservative and for
charging time. So, that seems to be
conservative as well, where I started
right around 9% at 700 p.m., and it took
an hour to get to full. And their claim
is basically 90 minutes for a full
charge. But there's also supposed to be
a quick charge feature where you can
plug it in for just five minutes where
it can actually get you another full
day. And it includes a magnetic charging
cable, which is actually surprisingly
long, which is kind of nice. And you'll
take off the air to charge it, and you
just clip it onto the back like so. So,
you will have to take off your Air to
charge it, but I don't necessarily think
that's that big a deal to take off your
Air once a week for like 60 to 90
minutes because I mean, our wrists do
need a break from time to time. It's
definitely not as elegant as Whoop's
charging pack that you can just clip on
while you're actually wearing it, but I
think charging at once a week is totally
acceptable. Now, when it comes to the
actual health tracking, so it has a
heart rate sensor on board, so it can
track your heart rate 24 hours a day. It
can also estimate your calories burned.
It also has a SPO2 sensor for tracking
blood oxygen saturation levels
throughout the night. It can track your
HRV or heart rate variability along with
skin temperature variations and then
some other sensors for tracking
activities like steps. But when it comes
to how it records heart rate, so it
records every two seconds, where some
other brands record at different
intervals. And the reason for this is
really going to be battery life. Now,
frequency is definitely one thing, but
accuracy is a whole another thing. So,
if a heart rate sensor isn't even
capturing accurate heart rate, well,
that's kind of like more of a bad thing,
but we'll actually find out if the
Fitbit Air is accurate here in just one
bit. Now, when it comes to sleep
tracking, so this has automatic sleep
tracking where it can track your sleep
duration, your sleep stages, as well as
give you a sleep score, which indicates
the quality of your sleep. When it comes
to sleep duration, so this is always
right on with plenty of other trackers
worn in all sorts of different places.
And then for sleep stages, so I don't
usually compare deep sleep and all that
much because it's been said that even
with medical grade sleep tracking,
that's only like 75 to 80% accurate. But
at least compared to other sources, all
within the same ballpark. And then for
sleep stats like resting heart rate and
heart rate variability, all very close,
but again, each device and company has
different methods and algorithms. So
comparing the actual number from one
company to another isn't necessarily the
most useful. It's really going to be
more about the trends which can be
useful. So for instance, the actual
resting heart rate number seems to be a
little bit higher than some other
trackers that I use, but then the actual
HRV number is a little bit lower than
some other wearables. But again, the
trends all still line up between all of
them. And then speaking of sleep, so you
can also set alarms in the app for
waking up, but also just general alarms
throughout the rest of the day. But with
the wake up alarms, there's also a
smartw feature where it can attempt to
wake you up if it detects that you're at
the end of an optimal sleep stage up to
30 minutes before your set wake up time.
I think it had me buzz once during my
testing of this. However, with a
vibration for the alarm, I don't find it
to be super strong, though, where it's
definitely more on the subtle side. So,
if you're heavier sleeper, you may not
notice it. And then one more thing I
note here too is that although there are
vibrations for alarms, there's no way to
set a vibration for a notification. And
then this also comes with their
readiness feature. So this gives you an
indication of how well you've recovered
based on sleep quality as well as sleep
stats like your resting heart rate and
heart rate variability. And this always
trended well in regards to how I
actually felt in the morning, whether
that was not good due to a bad night's
sleep or rockstar status when I actually
crushed my sleep. And this is Fitbit's
own number and algorithm they use for
this. So again, kind of hard to compare
directly to other brands out there with
similar style feedback where they
actually may base them on different
factors, but for Fitbit score that did
align well for how I felt as well as the
same thing goes for the sleep scores
where those generally aligned with how I
felt. And then when it comes to activity
tracking, so this definitely tracks
steps of course, but something I've seen
from previous Fitbit devices before in
the past is too aggressive of step
counting. Like I could sometimes get
steps while riding a bike when my hands
really weren't moving and sometimes even
seeing additional steps while driving to
the grocery store. But for driving with
the Fitbit Air, I didn't see any
meaningful additional steps being added.
So, good to go there. And then for this
automatically tracked bike ride, again,
no additional false steps registered.
So, you can definitely get an estimate
of your activity level through steps as
well as calories burned, but they also
use something called cardio load. So,
cardio load is basically a way of
measuring the amount of effort or strain
based on heart rate data. So, the higher
the heart rate, the higher the load. And
this is something that's been widely
used in the sports and fitness industry
for years. What's interesting about how
Google uses this though is that it's not
just for workouts. So, they also track
cardio load just doing normal everyday
things like doing a bunch of chores
around the house or yard work or
something like that. So, if your heart
rate gets elevated, it can still account
for that in their version of cardio
load. And it's actually kind of super
smart because there's plenty of stuff
outside of workouts where we may be
working harder. What's also interesting
about how Google uses this is that it
can also give you a cardio load target.
So, what I'm going to do is look at your
cardio load over time and then give you
an estimate of how much load would be
ideal based on previous training. So,
this can actually change over time. Now,
this number over here may look a little
bit crazy with the amount of cardio load
I've done this week compared to my
cardio load target, but it doesn't
necessarily know my very long-term
training trends over like the last few
months. But, as you can see here, it is
adapting over time and my cardio load
target is increasing as it gets to know
me a little bit better. Now, when it
comes to actually tracking workouts, so
there's two ways that you can do this.
So, you can manually start an activity
using the app, which will give you the
most detail, but you don't necessarily
have to do anything at all either, where
it can attempt to automatically detect
whatever that you're doing, and then log
those in the background. So, I tested
the heck out of the automatic detection,
which we'll talk about in just one
second. But, let's quickly go over the
manual recording. So, all you have to do
is tap on the start button in the app,
and then you'll have a list of workout
types to choose from, both with outdoor
and indoor workouts. And then all you
have to do is tap on one of those, and
away you go. And you'll be able to see
your workout data in real time during
your activity like the timer, heart
rate, and cardio load. And then for
outdoor activities, you can also see
distance and speed. And then once you're
done with your activity and save it,
you'll get stats like your calories
burned and active zone minutes. And then
depending on the workout type, you may
get additional information like let's
say for walking and running, you also
get step count. And then for outdoor
activities, you also get distance and a
map of your route. And then it's also
supposed to show your total elevation
gain based on the GPS data, which you
can see from the chart it does right
here. But there is a bug where it's not
showing the total elevation gain right
now. But they are aware of this and said
that it should be fixed in the next
software version. And then we can also
see the time spent in each heart rate
zone. But I would love to see more
control over these. So right now we can
adjust our max heart rate which will
then adjust these zones automatically.
But there's no way to change those zones
individually. And then the inworkout
experience right now of seeing your data
is pretty basic at the moment. And
there's a ton more that can be done here
like showing your heart rate zone and
even a graph of your heart rate over
time. And then for outdoor activities,
it also be really cool to see your map.
But another thing I'd really like to see
here is a true live activity view
similar to what Apple Fitness and Whoop
have done where those apps provide a lot
of detail when our phone is locked. This
is a new app, so there are a lot of
enhancements that are coming. But I'd
really like to see this especially since
the band itself doesn't have a screen.
So seeing workout data in real time is
pretty important. One interesting
scenario I stumbled on though is at the
moment it needs to have a cell or data
connection to save the activity. If not,
the app just kind of hangs. But I
already did let Google know about this
and they're working on some enhancements
that will make it less reliant on having
a connection when saving. And then the
other way to track your workouts is to
not really do anything where it can
attempt to automatically detect what
you're doing in the background. And this
is really one of my favorite features of
these kinds of wearables where it's just
kind of like the wear it and forget it
aspect where I don't have to start and
stop anything. And what it's basically
looking for is a combination of motion
and elevated heart rate. And there's
different thresholds in terms of the
minimum time before it'll log an
activity. So, for running, it was super
quick to detect where it was just 9
minutes after I got done here and then
it nailed the exact duration of the
actual run. Really good stuff. Anyhow,
getting back to automatic detection. So,
for cycling, that took longer to detect
that particular type of activity where
at the quickest it was 26 minutes, but
usually over 30 minutes before the
notification came through. But for the
start and end times, not quite as
accurate as running, but fairly close
for the most part. And then for indoor
riding, which may be a little bit
tougher since we're not moving all that
much, it took 37 minutes for this
notification to come through that it
detected that ride. But for the ride
time, pretty much spot on. And then for
this ride here, which was more of a
steadystate zone 2 ride, it was about 26
minutes after I ended before the
notification came through. But it did
nail the start time, but included a
little bit extra time as I was cooling
down after. Rowing though was actually
pretty quick where it was a little bit
over 20 minutes for the notification to
come through and pretty close to
tracking the actual row time, but did
miss a couple minutes right at the
beginning as I was warming up. It wasn't
able to automatically detect my weight
training sessions, though. So, it
doesn't seem to be quite sensitive
enough to track those particular types
of workouts, at least in my case. So,
I'd love to see it be a little bit more
sensitive at detection with that
particular kind of activity. But the
nice thing is though, if it doesn't
automatically detect anything, you can
just manually log the activity, which is
super easy. Or you can ask the AI coach
to log it. And that's what I did with
those weight training sessions where I
also asked it to add reps and sets and
which exercises that I did. But I do
also have to mention that the first two
activities I tried with the Fitbit Air,
the first couple days that I had it
weren't detected for some reason. And
Google did look over my data and said
that I may not have hit the threshold
for what it looks for when it comes to a
workout. But after that, other than the
weight training, it's actually nailed
all the other activities that I've done
with it. But I still would love it to be
a little bit less conservative and log a
little bit more than a little bit less.
Now, they're actually working on a new
feature which may help with all this.
So, there's going to be a new in
progress sort of notification or pop-up
when it starts to think that you're
doing a workout. So, you can actually
see when it starts to think a workout is
in progress. Unfortunately, I don't have
any screenshots I can share with you on
this feature at the moment. But this
does sound like a great idea to give us
a little bit more confidence to know
that it's actually tracking something.
But again though, even if for some
reason it doesn't autodetect anything,
you can still always use the AI coach or
the manual entry to log a period of time
as a workout. And one more thing in
regards to automatic detection is that
you don't need to have your phone with
you for it to track your activities. It
can actually store data on demand itself
and then when you get back to your
phone, it can actually sync all that
data up. But whether you manually track
your workouts or use the automatic
detection, a huge new thing and
something that should have been there
years ago quite frankly is that finally
all activity types will sync over to
Strava where before it was only specific
outdoor workouts that actually synced
over. However, it's not quite perfect
though where there's an odd bug where
there's some outdoor activities that
don't have the location data for some
reason, but then some do. But again,
they already know about this, so
hopefully that'll be fixed soon. So,
when it comes to testing heart rate
accuracy, what I usually do is start out
with indoor cycling as it's usually a
pretty easy activity for most wearables
to get right since we're not really
moving all that much and there really
aren't any variables to deal with like
bumps of vibrations in the road. And
this was basically a perfect result
right here. Now, what I also like to do
in my reviews is switch wrists because I
want to make sure the results are
consistent from side to side since their
anatomies can be different. And then on
this ride, maybe a couple spots where
the wandered a little bit, but still
overall the Fitbit Air performed well
even on these intervals. And then on the
zone two ride here, picture perfect out
of everyone. Super good stuff. Now, for
something harder though, riding outside
throws a few more variables into the mix
like bumps and vibrations from the road.
And I actually also do a lot of gravel
riding where it can often times get
pretty bumpy. So, this is where we could
start to see heart rate accuracy drift a
little bit. But that's actually a pretty
great result for riding outside. I
usually see less accurate results with a
lot of wearables. So, this is really
nice to see. And then on this ride, a
little bit more shaky, but these are
still some overall really good results.
And I'll just go and go through a bunch
of other rides here just so you can see
how it performed. And then when it comes
to running, so on this run here, it
isn't too bad, but not quite as good as
what we saw from cycling where there
were some spots on the first 10 minutes
or so where it read a little bit high.
But after that, it locked on. It was
good to go. But just like cycling, I
switched wrists just to see if there was
going to be any difference. And there we
go. That's really solid. Maybe a tiny
bit of shakiness at the end, but overall
a really good result here. But the holy
grail though when it comes to wristbased
optical heart rate accuracy is weight
training and highintensity interval
training where with these kinds of
activities, we're gripping onto
dumbbells which tenses our wrist which
can affect blood flow and then add in
various types of random arm movement and
it's basically the worst nightmare for
these kinds of sensors. So it's usually
just a bonus if a wearable can actually
get this right. And for this session
here, this is a pretty decent result for
weight training. At the beginning, these
were some bench presses. The next sets
were some arm curls. These were some
lateral flies. And then at the end, I
hopped on the ski urg for a few swings
and and handled everything really well
and definitely better than what I've
seen from a lot of other wearables. And
then for this session here, I switched
wrists. And for the lat pull downs and
chest flies at the beginning, the Fitbit
Air wandered a little bit on those. Not
way off, but didn't necessarily catch
the higher heart rate on some of those
lat pull downs. On the chest flies here,
a little bit better on those. And then
it did a pretty decent job on the seated
rows. The deadlifts were pretty solid
other than this blip right here. And
then not bad on the shoulder presses,
but then it did have some issues at the
arm curls at the end. And then for this
workout here, so I started with a
warm-up on the rower and the Fitbit Air
read a little bit low and then the Whoop
5.0 read a little bit higher. But the
next five sets here were some wall
balls. And it's kind of interesting
where the Fitbit Air was a little bit
slower to respond on the first three
sets, but then tracked the last two
pretty much spot-on. And then this
section here was on the Ski URG. And I
have to say that it nailed it pretty
darn well. And that's actually pretty
impressive considering the ski urg is a
pretty tough test for wristbased optical
heart rate sensors. And then at the end,
this was a few more minutes on the
rower. But when it comes to weight
training and high intensity training,
these are actually some pretty decent
results. I'm not necessarily looking for
perfection, but I'm just looking for the
trends to line up. But overall, I'm
pretty impressed with the hardware
accuracy out of this, but I also do
think there's less room for error with
this versus something like a watch or
even another wearable just because this
is so thin with less surface area. So to
get the best of accuracy, wear it a
little bit higher up on the wrist and
definitely have it snug during workouts.
During the rest of the day, you can
probably have it a little bit looser,
but during workouts, have it snug and
like right about here. All right, so now
let's talk about the app and the premium
subscription. So this is basically a
brand new app experience, and I already
gave you a tour of what to expect in my
first impressions video, so I don't
necessarily want to rehash that too
much, but I do want to give you my
overall impressions. So I like the
timeline concept on the homepage, which
shows all the events over the last 2
days. the upper portion right here
pretty good as well, but I think we need
more options here to customize it with
data that we want. We can definitely
swipe over to see more info with these
cards over here, but it also doesn't
necessarily seem to be tied all
together. Now, for me, the most
important things I want to see are my
cardio load totals, my steps, readiness,
and sleep. So, in all fairness, it has
the main things I would actually like to
see on the homepage, but I'd also love
to see this area to be a little bit
bigger for more info. But when it comes
to the premium subscription, so it's
comprised of a few different components.
So, the first thing is that you'll get
insights in the morning after workouts
as well as in the evening. And I
actually like most of this information,
especially since I've given it some
context about a plantar issue I've been
dealing with, and it's provided some
interesting tidbits and reminders to not
overdo it. I mean, it's definitely not
medical advice as they clearly state
here, but it's given me some things to
think about and to be aware of. One
thing I noticed about the evening
insights, though, is that they were
coming in too late for me to read them
most of the time. So, I have my bedtime
set at 9:30 in the app. But some of
these were coming in too close to that
time and sometimes even after that
bedtime. So, I like to put my phone away
about 30 to 60 minutes before I go to
bed to avoid the blue light and stuff
like that. So, maybe some adjustments
need to be happening there in terms of
bedtime phone hygiene. But getting back
to the quality of the insights
themselves. So, I've also like some of
the tidbits is brought up in terms of
longerterm training trends which aren't
necessarily super obvious unless I were
to dig into historical data. And it can
also be a convenient way to add workout
details like we saw before with the
weight training, but also an easy way to
log food and nutrition. And then another
component of the premium subscription is
setting up a following training plans,
but it can be a lot of reading though,
which may or may not be for you, but it
seems like they have toned down the
amount of words since the public
preview, so it seems a little bit easier
to digest. The power of the AI coach
definitely comes through interacting
with it and providing context, which you
can then use to deliver better insights.
And although there have been a handful
of AI hallucinations from time to time,
I still have to say that it is the best
AI implementation I've used in a health
and fitness app so far. But if all you
want to do is see your health or workout
stats and then just analyze them on your
own, you may not need the premium
subscription. And this is basically what
the non-premium version looks like. But
what's great though is that it comes
with 3 months of that premium
subscription. So you can just try it out
and see if it's worth it for you. And
then maybe in that time they'll actually
work out some of these bugs and add more
features, which they're certainly
planning on doing. But just like any new
product out there, there's naturally
going to be some initial bugs. And I
don't necessarily think any of these are
earth shouting by any means, but I
definitely noticed some like some sleep
scores weren't appearing the day of, but
then would appear a day later. There's
also the Straa sync issue with the map
details. And then one sort of strange
one I encountered was during a strength
training session. So I think my
Bluetooth may have dropped out here. And
the manual session I started seemed to
have been lost. But a few hours later, I
noticed that syncs were taking a little
bit longer than usual. So I decided to
toggle my Bluetooth off and on again.
And that weight training session that I
thought was lost magically appeared a
full 3 hours and 40 minutes later. Still
going actually. Anyhow, I've definitely
mentioned all these things to Google and
they have been very receptive to
feedback and bugs based on the numerous
calls and emails that I've had during
testing. So, they definitely do care
about the experience and many of those
things actually have already been fixed
and hopefully all of them soon. The core
product itself still does all the core
things well and it actually provides
some pretty accurate data for my
testing, but I think there's going to be
some growing pains with the new app to
get it really dialed in. Now, when it
comes to how the Fitbit Air compares to
the competition, so this is actually a
little bit complicated, and this is why
I'm going to have some follow-up videos
with some detailed comparisons, but for
the short version, it's probably a
question of price, features, as well as
brand. So, the Amaze Fit Helio is the
same price, at least in the US, as the
Fitbit Air, and has some pretty good
accuracy. The app has done pretty well.
It has some fairly meaningful health and
training feedback with some quirks, but
doesn't necessarily have a recognizable
name, and the stock band itself doesn't
necessarily stand out. It's still a
great value at $99 though and no
subscription required to use the core
functions. And then there's also the
Polar Loop. So kind of the opposite of
the Helio Band where fantastic looking
hardware, but the app experience isn't
at the same level. However, with this
literally no subscription at all with
just $1.99 just one time. So Whoop is
definitely the biggest player out there,
at least for the moment. And maybe the
reason for the most obvious comparison,
maybe just because of the popularity,
but after thinking about this a little
bit, these may be meant for different
kinds of customers, but there's
certainly a lot of overlap in the
middle, too. Whoop definitely has some
features that simply aren't on the
Fitbit Air, but the price difference can
be pretty substantial, especially as
time goes on. But I still don't think
the Fitbit Air is necessarily meant for
loyal Whoop users. It may be more that
casual Whoop user who's been eyeballing
the Fitbit Air who may not need all the
features that Whoop offers and looking
to save a little bit of money. But
basically what I'd say is Whoop may
offer more features, but is it worth two
times, three times, or even more than
that to you? Overall though, I think
we're going to be seeing a lot of Fitbit
Airs out there because $99 is simply a
great deal for tracking all our health
and activity stats and also has a strong
name behind it. Sure, the software does
have some quirks, but the hardware seems
to be solid, at least for my testing.
And the nice thing is software evolves
over time. Anyhow, I tried to cover as
much as possible in this video without
this video being an hour long. But if
you have any questions about anything I
didn't cover, feel free to drop those
down in the comments section down below
and I'll do my best to answer those. But
also be on the lookout for my top tips
video that'll be coming out soon, as
well as some details comparisons. And if
you found the information in this video
to be useful, do me a favor and hit that
like button down below. And in the
meantime, have fun out there and we will
see you in the next video.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39v9hSZgtx0
- This is the $99 Fitbit Air.
I've been wearing it
for the past two weeks.
And today I'm gonna
finally share all the data,
heart rate metrics, GPS,
sleep recovery scores,
and to find out is this
thing actually accurate
and is it worth your money.
Because $99 is insane,
especially when you compare
it against the WHOOP 5.0 MG.
I wore it alongside
the Apple Watch, WHOOP,
the Oura Ring, and Eight Sleep pod,
a sleep EEG headband for my brainwaves,
and I even wore a Garmin
chest heart rate strap
while doing my outdoor runs,
cycles, and other workouts.
So go through heart rate, GPS distance,
where it actually uses your
phone, not built-in GPS,
and then sleep accuracy recovery scores.
Plus, my overall thoughts on the AI coach,
the user experience.
There is a link down description
if you do plan to buy that
or the WHOOP or any other device.
Let's get into it.
Now let's look at the raw heart rate data
for an Apple Watch Ultra
3, a Garmin Forerunner 970
with the chest heart rate strap, HRM-600,
and then the Fitbit Air,
which I uploaded two files
'cause I was curious
if they'd be different
depending on the time
that I uploaded them to,
which they were exactly the same.
You can see the average heart
rate was 156 for the Fitbit,
156 for the Apple Watch,
and then the chest heart
rate strap was 158.
Just looking at the graphs right now,
they seem pretty on par with each other.
It looks like there are moments
where the chest heart rate strap
does differ from the other two.
Even in this segment here,
you can see it drops quicker.
Could have just been a
sensor issue right here.
It looks like we've got
some heart rate data
that's been missed.
Only the Fitbit Air seemed
to have information.
I might have paused my run right here.
Purple is the chest heart rate strap.
Honestly, the biggest conclusion is
that they're all really good.
If we scroll down, you can see the bias,
1.8 heartbeats per minute,
or .1, which is insane.
Another run I did here,
and this time I also wore the fenix 8
in addition to the Apple
Watch Ultra 3, the Fitbit Air,
and the Garmin Forerunner 970
with each chest heart
rate strap, the HRM-600.
Now this is where we
had more differentiation
in the heart rate data is right here.
I think this is the green,
the chest heart rate strap kept recording
but all the other ones paused.
I think I paused for a bit here.
That might mess up the averages.
Keep that in mind.
But if you look at the very beginning,
there's something wrong with the Fitbit.
I don't know what happened
here with the heart rate data.
It might've been moving around a lot.
It wasn't on tight enough.
But it seemed to stabilize later on.
Over here, we do have some outer range.
But overall, it seemed pretty strong.
It's just that beginning half
that I wasn't doing so well.
Yeah, the Fitbit here
seems to be jumping around.
Not sure why that was.
But generally speaking,
it was close enough.
If they look at the divergence,
seems to be pretty strong
when you're comparing it
to the HRM-600 right here.
Shows a plus 1.2 beats per
minute, which is excellent.
And then a third one where
I just wore the Fitbit
and my Apple Watch, about a six
beats per minute difference.
I did pause here so that
might have caused some issues.
It looks like we only
got Fitbit data here,
not Apple Watch data.
But overall, they seem to be hadn't had,
like you can't see that
there's another line
like maybe there's a
small segment right here
where they do differ.
But overall, the Fitbit Air
and the Apple Watch Ultra 3
seem to be very, very close.
Since stopping and starting
can easily happen on my watch
rather than I have to pause
the thing on my phone,
Fitbit data might be
slightly different here.
Okay, but what about other
kinds of workouts, like a swim?
So here, I wore a FORM swim goggles,
the Fitbit Air, and the
Apple Watch Ultra 3.
It looks like the Fitbit Air
seemed to be close to
the FORM Swim Goggles,
which I would argue is more accurate.
The Apple Watch struggled a bit.
I think swimming is one
where the heart rate
is more challenging
'cause the watch is moving
with the water, especially
with a large Apple Watch,
like that water's gonna push
the watch and move it around
and the water going underneath the watch
is going to impact the heart rate data.
And that's where you have a
win with a smaller device.
It's less likely to move around.
I've tried swimming with the WHOOP,
and you cannot swim
with this flexible band.
It will flip, it will move.
This band is not flexible, so
it's just better for swimming
and any fast-action activities
where you do not want this to move around.
You can see the Apple
Watch did the poorest
for the swimming,
but the Fitbit Air and the FORM
Goggles were almost head on.
What about bike or cycling?
For some reason,
the Fitbit data did not export
heart rates, so I don't know.
And lastly, what about a quick row?
So the ErgData and Concept2 should be
my Apple Watch Ultra 3 heart rate,
and then the Fitbit Air
has its own heart rate.
This seems to be jumping around a lot.
When you're rowing, you're
moving your arms back and forth,
and that might have
caused the heart rate data
to be all over.
The average heart rate seem to be close,
but there are just moments in this graph
where it just jumps up and down.
If you were to compare it
to the Apple Watch Ultra 3,
there's about a two,
so there's about a 2.6 BPM difference,
which is good, not great.
Now I have two runs that I ran
with a chest heart rate strap.
You can see the heart rate bias.
It seems like the Fitbit
was relatively close.
The Apple Watch tend to do better.
For some reason the fenix
maybe it was just too big,
was a bit off,
but, you know, it's pretty close enough.
Full swim, you can see here,
the Apple Watch just does not do as well,
the Fitbit, much better.
And these are the large trends over time.
Now the heart rate is
the foundational metric
for everything else that's built on it.
Recovery, training load,
calories, AI coaching,
they all depend on that.
So that's why this is probably
the most important metric.
The algorithm needs to be strong
and the sensor needs to be strong,
and as a user, you need to
properly be wearing the device.
I would love to see a Fitbit WHOOP,
a Fitbit bicep band
because you're able to get
more accurate data 'cause
it's moving around less often
and there's just less
interference when it's up here
rather than on your wrist
and you're less likely as
a user to mess things up.
Overall, it seems like the
heart rate data is pretty good.
Now, what about GPS?
Well, in this device, there is not a GPS,
Global Positioning System,
like you might have in
your other smartwatches.
That's where it uses your
phone's assisted GPS,
just like you were to start
a workout on your Strava,
Runna app, Nike Training app,
you can start workouts on your phone.
The newest iPhones do have multi-band GPS,
so they should be better in cities.
Obviously, depending on
where you put the phone
on your body, that's going
to impact the accuracy.
But let's just look at the data anyways.
Because I'm curious, can
I just wear the Fitbit
and not bring any smartwatch to track,
to track my distance workouts?
But that's where your phone
GPS just is not perfect.
I would just keep that in mind.
It's good enough.
You're a casual runner, good.
You can track it some data.
But if you're training for
something very specific,
most likely, you do not want
to use your phone's GPS.
You will want a training
watch that has multi-band GPS,
especially in New York City.
I'm in New York.
Obviously, I think the phone
GPS will be good enough
in open areas.
One, I found start stopping
the workout on my phone
can be kind of tough when
your hands get all sweaty
operating your phone,
whereas with a watch, you
do have hardware buttons,
and two, the GPS is just
gonna get a better signal
when it's on your wrist facing up.
And if you have your versus your phone,
that could be like in
your pocket, in a bag,
somewhere just hidden.
The other conclusion is if
you're training for a marathon,
some kind of race where
you need outdoor GPS
absolutely for your specific
workouts, get a smart watch,
train those workouts,
have that automatically
input into Apple Health,
and then into Google Health.
If you're not and you're just
kind of casually working out
and you just want some of that
data to be tracked, imported,
and saved, use your phone GPS.
Like, my parents would love this.
They can track their walks,
their runs, their bikes,
and they have the data, but
like, it doesn't really matter
that they did half a kilometer
more or not on that workout.
It's not gonna change their life.
Okay, now comes the sleep accuracy.
I'm really curious because
there's recovery scores,
readiness scores.
I was looking at it and
I was a bit shocked,
and also not surprised
because I've been testing
and wearing all these
devices for a very long time.
And they're never going to be the same.
I will tell you that right now.
Now here is one example.
This is one night of deep sleep.
I use the Somni headband, which is an EEG.
It goes across my head.
It tracked about 1 1/2
hours of deep sleep.
Now we have a whole bunch
of other devices here.
How much deep sleep did each of them get?
Look how varied this is.
Eight Sleep, Fitbit Air, Oura
Ring, WHOOP, Apple Watch.
We had all the way from 28 minutes
up to 3 hours and 17 minutes.
That's 169 minutes spread
across all these devices
that I wore on my own body in one night.
Now let's look at total sleep duration.
This time we've included
the Somni EEG headband.
I would argue this is the most accurate
'cause it's measuring my brainwaves.
And for the most part, they
all seem to be pretty close.
The Oura tends to be under.
And then the WHOOP tends to be way above.
I did watch a movie, maybe
two or three nights in bed,
and I think the WHOOP just
over calculated my sleep
because I was watching a movie.
For example, this one
night here, May 16th,
the Somni had 5.92, and
the Apple Watch, 5.47,
but everyone else was around 10, 11 hours.
So what could have happened there?
This is why it's important
that these are consumer devices
and to take all the data
with a grain of salt.
What about overall deep
sleep over the 11 days?
The WHOOP just loves to
have a higher number.
Apple Watch seemed to be the
closest to the EEG headband.
It doesn't mean there's nights
where the Apple Watch
was entirely different
from all the other devices,
like here, 48 minutes versus
96 minutes on the EEG.
Here, the WHOOP's at 197,
whereas the Apple Watch at 28,
but the EEG said 90 minutes
and the Fitbit was 124.
That's where my conclusion
sits, for sleep staging data,
I'll look at it but I
don't make large decisions
based on it.
And that will almost always be true
with all these wearables
for the time being.
Now what was interesting
is the Eight Sleep
tended to be the closest for sleep stages
to my EEG headband,
and the Fitbit Air was
pretty close up there,
on par sometimes with the
Oura and and Apple Watch,
but sometimes beating them.
Now for $99, that is amazing.
And the sleep tracking story
on one night on one person
is not the entire story.
It could be different
depending on how you wear it,
where you wear it, how tight
it is, how loose it is,
how you wear all these other devices.
So just keep that in mind.
This is not science,
this is for educational
purposes only in my test.
HRV, this is a big one
that people care about.
How does the HRV compare night over night?
Because this, some people argue,
could be how well you are recovered.
Now somehow I'm still using
AI and it's my first time.
The Fitbit HRV didn't make it in.
I wasn't able to export the data in time.
You can see how all over the
place some of them can be.
They're relatively close to the trends,
but for the most part, there
are massive differences.
Okay, these are all complex numbers.
What about something
simple, like step counting?
Well, even then, they
were relatively similar
but also different.
I'm gonna discount the Oura Ring
because I take it off sometimes,
especially when I eat,
I leave it.
I don't...
I only wear it you know
sometimes next to my bed.
But the Apple Watch and the
Fitbit were very, very close.
The WHOOP was slightly under.
I would argue step count, pretty strong,
because I'm wearing the
Fitbit, the Apple Watch,
and the WHOOP all day long.
Seems like the Fitbit and Apple Watch
are very close to each other.
So I would argue they're both
very good at step counting.
And for $99 on the Fitbit Air
versus $800 on the Apple Watch,
this is a great step counter.
WHOOP, what are you doing?
You might be wondering
how did the sleep scores,
the readiness scores
impact across the devices?
So here you can see on the Fitbit Air,
I had a 90 readiness score.
On the WHOOP, also a
90% in the same night.
But then the Oura gave me a 48.
So that shows you that
there can be variance.
And I've not only seen
this on this one night,
but many nights across multiple devices,
11 nights of the Aura,
WHOOP, Fitbit, Eight Sleep,
and see how they compare.
As you can see, it feels
a bit all over the place.
You've got as low as 55 and as high as 80.
One night, the Oura said
48 and the WHOOP said 90.
The small dotted line here is the Fitbit,
and you can see it shoots up
really high, it shoots low.
On this day, the Fitbit
seems to be far off
from everyone else in the pack.
On this day, it's relatively close.
This is kind of why I say
I don't look at recovery readiness scores
just 'cause, like, all these devices
drastically different
over a 14-day period.
And I don't change how I live
my life based on information.
I typically look at resting
heart rate and HRV mostly.
Look, here's another night.
We got a 60 on the Oura
Ring, a 57 on the Fitbit,
and then a 52 on the WHOOP 5.0 MG,
even a 59 on the Somni EEG headband.
So those nights, they were
relatively similar-ish.
One last example, this night
I just wasn't feeling well.
I couldn't breathe for some reason
'cause my asthma was going off.
I had a plus 1 temperature,
17.9 respiratory rate.
But then WHOOP said I was a 93%.
I was looking good, feeling good,
even though I had an elevated
respiratory rate on my...
My Apple Watch said I had one outlier,
which is an 18.2 respiratory rate.
And then the Fitbit said that
I had a 95 high readiness,
everything was good.
So now it's like I wear all these devices,
I get slightly different
readiness and insights.
Which one do I believe though?
The Oura said, "Hey, you need to chill."
WHOOP was like, "Green, maximum green.
Go, go, go."
Apple Watch was, "Wait a minute,
let's look at that data."
And even the Fitbit
was like, "Go, go, go."
So some days, the Fitbit,
and on other days, the
Oura Ring and Fitbit
were next to each other.
So when it comes to readiness, recovery,
whatever those sleep scores things are,
take all with a grain of salt.
Do not let it impact how your day feels.
Because if you get a low score,
it might make you want
to have a worse day.
And if you get a high score,
you might just placebo effect
and be like, "I'm gonna have a great day."
So just placebo effect and
have a great day every day.
Now what about the AI coach?
What are my thoughts here?
This, I think, is the
most interesting part.
WHOOP has an AI coach,
and it can give you
insights, recommendations.
They've been starting to
do more and more of that.
I think now that this is released,
it's gonna push them to do a better job.
But having Gemini behind
the scenes to power of this,
it's 9.99 per month if you
wanna sign up for that plan
is really freaking cool,
because it's not just a conversation,
but there's so much more that you can do.
I have a goal to run a
sub-three-hour marathon
and it kind of asked me, "Hey,
what's your long-term goal?"
I gave it my goal.
We had a plan.
I said, "Hey, propose a plan for me.
I don't really want to do the plan.
Tell me what I need to
do to achieve that."
And it started to set goals
in terms of how many miles I need to run,
the specific cardio load,
which is a Fitbit metric,
and how many sessions I should be running,
targeting what kind of pace.
That's step one.
Then it comes to food.
It can track my food.
I can take photos of it, send in the food.
Sadly, it doesn't use the
timestamp of the food.
It logs it when I upload the photo.
So you can talk to it and
tell it to change things,
and it automagically will.
Then after each day, it'll
give you insights on your sleep
from the night before as well
as insights on your workout.
And it modifies all the coaching
based on how you might be feeling.
So it might be like,
"Hey, the temperature's
really hot outside."
Like, when I had to work out
in a really, really hot day,
I can even tap these pre-prompts.
It says, "Heat was tough."
It says, "Hey, no joke,
90 degrees Fahrenheit."
I think it's 30 degrees
Celsius on a nine-mile effort.
It knows when you don't sleep well
and you're not recovered well
and why you might feel
fatigued during your run.
And lastly, it will do
automatic activity detection
as you wear the device.
I can even screenshot
workouts from my other apps
and upload it straight
to the Google Health app
and it will incorporate
those mileage, the distance,
the workout that I actually
did into that workout,
which is insane.
I can just updating it as I
chat, like, good job, love it.
There's one thing to keep in mind.
It might think like you might,
it's at the beginning,
it really thought I was
dancing a lot of the times.
So you have to teach it
this little magic wand
with the star means it's
automatically logged.
And then I had to change it to running.
So just keep that in mind
that it's not perfect
and you need to train it a little bit
so it gets better at
identifying your workouts.
But I love that it gives me
insights after my workout.
It'll tell me, "Hey, you
have a mechanical shift here,
a late run heart rate drift."
The recovery response.
Tell me, "Hey, you're getting
stronger, you're improving."
And for me, getting those
insights is motivating.
And I love that when I don't sleep well
or I can tell it that I'm sick or injured,
it will modify the workouts
and recommendations
based on that information.
So it's not just gonna
give you recommendations,
it's gonna also talk with you
to understand what's important to you,
what's going on right
now that it doesn't know
inside the app.
It already knows a lot of information.
These are all the auto-detection workouts
that it can figure out and it
learns your habits over time.
Okay, now what does the
Fitbit Air cannot do?
It is a screenless device.
So there's no time, there's no buttons,
there's a, you know,
you can double tap it.
There's a vibration motor,
so it has a smart alarm to
wake you up in the morning.
There's no NFC payments,
like on a Garmin watch or Apple Watch.
There's no fall detection.
No custom heart rate zones right now.
No ability to connect an
external heart rate strap
to the Fitbit Air if you wanted to.
No biological age metric,
which I know people love
on the WHOOP and Bevel
and all these other apps.
And no Apple Health write back.
So it's not writing to
Apple Health, not yet.
Google says it's coming soon.
I think considering they're
absorbing all this information,
I'd love to see them also
write the information too.
There's some things I don't like about it.
There are, you'll run into some issues
where, you know, some syncing
might not work properly,
technical issues, connections.
Restart the app, turn
Bluetooth on and off.
The auto-detection at the beginning
might give you some weird stuff.
Kept saying I was running every day,
but I was just walking to work.
Kept saying all my runs were dances,
but I was just doing leg swings.
Then the initial setup of the
app did take me a little while
with having a software update this.
So with any technology device,
I know people are gonna
comment on Reddit and be like,
"I hate this thing.
This was frustrating."
It's technology.
Please be patient.
If you care about it
and you want to get the
value of it over time,
one, be patient with the
technology you get set up,
and two, be patient with
inputting the information
and chatting with the AI
because you're not gonna
see the value overnight.
This is something that you
might take two weeks to learn,
absorb, and understand how it
works for you specifically.
But if you're not ready to wait,
then it's not for you to buy yet.
Now, is this thing better than the WHOOP?
For $99, plus a $99 per year subscription,
versus the WHOOP being
239 every single year,
the price can add up.
Fitbit after three years will be $396
versus the WHOOP will be $717.
That's considering you have Fitbit Premium
or a Google Health Premium,
which I would argue you kind of would want
to get all the AI stuff.
Now we do get 14 days of
battery life on the WHOOP
versus only seven days on the Fitbit.
But it is half the size,
it's more comfortable.
I noticed that this, it does get wet,
this band specifically, but
it dries relatively quickly.
Having less surface area touching my skin,
I prefer that a lot more.
Like, I'm more enjoying wearing
this than the WHOOP strap.
It's easier to dry because
there's just less material.
And because it's smaller,
it's gonna move less
and the heart rate
should be more accurate.
And if you didn't know,
Fitbit was and is still the
number one wearable, I think,
in the world.
Fact check me on that.
But knowing that there are a ton of people
who care about their health and wellness
and want to upgrade their old Fitbits,
this is probably the device
they're gonna select.
Yes, there's the athletes,
the high performers who want the WHOOP,
who are willing to pay the price.
But for the everyday,
the general population,
the Fitbit, for $99, I
think, is the way to go.
Maybe you're like, "I
still need to watch."
You can still wear your
Apple Watch or Pixel Watch
or a standard classic watch
with this on the other wrist.
You can only wear this at
night if you really want to
and use it as a sleep tracker
and then use a Garmin or an Apple Watch
or an Amazfit as your
daily fitness tracker.
That's kind of what I
do with the Oura Ring.
The Oura Ring I usually wear
sometimes during the day,
but I will typically just
put it next to my nightstand
and I put it on when I
sleep and that's about it.
I don't wear it during my workout,
so there's just no reason to.
It's a sleep tracker.
So you could argue this
is a $99 sleep tracker.
You don't need the other fitness stuff.
You have your watch for that,
which will write all the
information to Google Health.
Now this is where this
might not be for you.
Maybe you are training
for a marathon, a race,
or, you know, a biking race,
I don't know what those are called,
but I kind of wanna do one
in one day, or triathlon,
you need GPS data, you
need distance information,
and you want something accurate.
That's where a smart GPS watch comes in.
And I would argue that
you really don't need
a sleep tracker.
You might want one,
but it's not necessary.
You could have a watch
and you could wear that watch at night
and get some sleep data,
but the main reason is
that's your fitness tracker.
You WHOOP in that case is probably not
your fitness tracker of choice.
You have a Garmin instead.
You don't wear that watch 24/7 maybe.
You only put it on when you work out
and then you take it off when you're done.
That specific person does
not need a Fitbit Air,
an Oura Ring, or a WHOOP.
But I would argue,
the Fitbit is competing with
the Oura Ring and the WHOOP.
Not as much your Garmin, your Apple Watch,
or even a Pixel Watch.
It's complimentary.
My final thoughts,
this is the best $99 fitness sleep tracker
that money can buy.
Like, that's insanely cheap.
I don't love the charging process,
where you have to, like,
take it off and slide it on,
like, the WHOOP charging
is the world's best.
But for seven days, I
think it's good enough.
This is not gonna be for
your serious athletes.
This is for the general population
who wants to better understand their body.
And I think it's gonna make
a dramatic impact on society
if more people start wearing these things,
learning about their health,
drinking less alcohol,
not eating before bed,
sleeping in a dark room,
these devices can help
change those behaviors.
These devices can also drive you crazy
by looking at the sleep scores too much.
So do not obsess, but use
it as insights and intel.
But if you do want to buy a sleep tracker,
I've always had friends be like,
"The WHOOP is too expensive.
Apple Watch, too expensive."
$99.
You now have the world's
best $99 sleep tracker.
Personally, if I were to pick a combo,
once Fitbit Air writes to Apple Health,
this would be my sleep tracker
and my Apple Watch
would be my daily driver
for paying for things and
doing my fitness tracking
because this can kind
of be a little too big
and sometimes I don't
wanna wear it at night.
That's where maybe Apple,
time to release a screenless wearable,
like a ring or a band
that I can wear at night.
Now I do wanna test the meal
logging against MyFitnessPal.
I've deeper into the medical
records integrations,
even the coaching recommendations
against an app like Runna.
So if you wanna see those,
let me know in the comments down below.
Let me know what other
questions that you have.
In terms of the data, I'd
say this is good enough.
Well done, Google.
I'm excited for what's coming next
and I'm excited for the
future software updates.
Subscribe, turn on notifications.
There's a link in description
if you plan to buy one,
That helps support the
channel for all the wearables.
We'll see in the next one. Peace.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCKJ8K4sdXk
Google's Fitbit Air is finally here, and
it's a Gemini-powered health coach, $99
price tag, and a new Google health app
are a pretty appealing package. But, is
it appealing enough to take on Whoop?
I've been using it for the past week,
and I think I have the answer. Before we
begin, be sure to leave a like,
subscribe, and check the descriptions
for our best deals on the Fitbit Air.
>> [music]
>> So, what exactly is the Fitbit Air?
Well, think of it as Google's answer to
the growing popularity of screenless
fitness trackers like Whoop or even the
Aura Ring. The Fitbit Air is a tiny,
lightweight wearable with no display and
practically no notifications. The only
time I've even had it actually vibrate
to notify me of something was my alarm
when I had set it up because of my sleep
schedule. Besides that, it focuses
entirely on passive health tracking.
That means tracking things like heart
rate, sleep stages, HRV, recovery, and
workouts all happen quietly in the
background while the data gets sent to
the new Google health app, which is
available on both iOS and Android. And
honestly, I think Google understands
something a lot of people are realizing
lately. We're tired of being constantly
connected.
Visually, it's very minimalist. Google
calls it a pebble design, and compared
to something [music] bulky like a
smartwatch or even Whoop, it's
noticeably smaller and lighter. So small
and light, in fact, that I barely even
feel it on my wrist, which makes sleep
tracking a breeze. Their design makes me
prefer it on my wrist all day and night
compared to the Whoop or my Apple Watch.
Even with its small design, you still
have bands you can switch between just
like the competition. Although, at the
moment, your three options are a
performance loop, active band, and an
elevated modern band. Whoop and Apple
Watch have the advantage here with a
much larger selection, but they also
have been around for much longer, so I'm
sure that over time, we will see more
designs come to the Fitbit Air, too.
The Fitbit Air is small but mighty when
it comes to battery life. It doesn't
quite reach the two weeks that Whoop
boasts, but the Fitbit Air lasts a
[music] full week, which is definitely
an improvement over my Apple Watch and
still plenty for most people. But, when
it does come time to charge, the Air
comes with a magnetic charger and gets
you from zero to 100% in about 90
minutes, or a quick 5-minute charge
should provide enough to get you through
the day.
Now, here's where things get interesting
because the Fitbit Air is really just a
conduit for the bigger story here,
Google Health. Google is basically
transforming Fitbit into an AI-powered
health ecosystem. In fact, the Fitbit
app itself is literally becoming the
Google Health app, which, yes, was a
long time coming, but still a
significant moment in the multi-year
dismantlement of Fitbit since Google
acquired it in 2021. The idea is that
all your health data will all live in
one place. Metrics, workout history,
sleep data, medical records, Health
Connect data, even Apple Health
integration are all finally [music]
centralized.
Although the app is capable of pulling
data from sources like an Apple Watch or
Whoop, using Google devices like the
Fitbit Air or a Pixel Watch 4 will
provide a deeper insights into your
activities. That's right, Pixel Watch 4
users,
>> [music]
>> Google Health will now be your home
fitness hub as well.
>> [music]
>> Guys, tracking for all the metrics I
just mentioned is all completely free.
But, of course, there is a more optional
premium version you can use via
subscription because what doesn't have a
subscription nowadays? Google layers
Gemini AI through something called
Google Health Coach, and it's the
highlight of the optional $10 a month or
$99 a year Google Health Premium
subscription. So, instead of just saying
you slept 6 hours, the app can take that
information and utilize it into your
workout, so you can take it easy or go
for that extra push. It can factor in
injuries, change a workout if you're on
vacation and don't have access to your
usual gym, and add other health metrics
like lab results or nutrition info to
further have guidance on your goals.
You can even just take a photo of your
meal or snacks and it will automatically
log nutritional info for you.
I do think it's important to mention
that this AI-driven health coaching
could genuinely help people build
healthier habits,
but on the other hand, this is a lot of
personal health data being centralized
under Google. And I think people should
at least be aware of that data
collection trade-off before jumping in
blindly. The coach, in my experience,
has also been making a few mistakes. For
example, I had a workout randomly change
to kilograms from pounds, and it made a
push workout for me when I had asked it
to do a cardio day. So, just keep an eye
out for mistakes before you accidentally
log 55 kg instead of pounds, and Google
thinks you've done bicep curls with 121
lb dumbbells.
The optional subscription also helps the
Fitbit Air stand out compared to Whoop,
as Whoop requires a subscription to even
function. Whoop's cheapest plan
available is $199 a year, and that
climbs up to $359
a year depending on the features you're
looking to have access to. That alone
immediately makes the Fitbit Air more
appealing to the average person, because
once you buy it, it can provide helpful
info and tracking without a monthly
payment. And if you do go the
subscription route, you're still paying
up to half the cost of Whoop. So, if
you're someone like me who values
helpful fitness, nutrition, and health
insights without paying a premium, the
Fitbit Air is the solution we really
haven't had yet. With that said, the
Whoop is hyped up for a reason and still
the benchmark for top-tier health and
fitness tracking. There's a good reason
why you see so many professional
athletes rocking one. Whoop provides
more health and data features, such as
an ECG and blood pressure insights, and
does a much better job with insights on
strain, stress, and recovery, including
pretty incredible info about your
biological age and pace of aging. It
also has a 2-week battery, a battery
charging pack, and its own version of a
coach.
The years of waiting for something
really interesting to come out of
Google's acquisition of Fitbit seems to
have finally arrived, and it's arrived
at a price point that really makes it
stick out from the competition. The
first real Whoop alternative is a big
win here, guys, and if you're looking to
get serious about your health and
fitness, the Fitbit Air is definitely a
buy. For $99, you're getting a
lightweight health tracking device
that's distraction-free,
>> [music]
>> lasts a week, and provides incredibly
helpful daily insights. And if you do
use it alongside other devices like an
Apple Watch, it still ties together with
those health tracking apps and devices,
all without sucking you into a required
monthly subscription. That's all for
today's episode of Buy or Skip. Be sure
to leave a like and subscribe, and let
me know in the comments what you guys
think about the Fitbit Air and the
Whoop. [music] And check out our links
in the description to get the best deals
on either.
As always, I'm Tony Rodriguez. This is
Tom's Guide, and I will see you in the
next video.
>> [music]
[music]

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzKOZgHzIUs
Last week I predicted that Google Health
will inherit a big problem and now it's
here. Google Health just launched
worldwide yesterday the one app that was
supposed to pull all the data from all
the wearables. It pulled almost none of
it and the reason is not Google. Let me
explain. Yesterday I downloaded Google
Health on my phone. Google did not send
me anything. I'm waiting for my Fitbit
Air which I bought by my own money. It's
coming in the mail on the 26th. I'm not
into the list of creators that got early
access, so I'm just talking about this
as a customer. Nobody paid me to do
anything. I thought to myself, I'm going
to blog the Whoop, the Apple Watch, the
Heal Yourself, maybe my Eight Sleep. I'm
going to see everything into my Google
Health and surprise, surprise, it was
disappointing. So I decided I'm not
going to upgrade until my Fitbit Air is
coming. Let me walk you through the free
version. Let's download it again on my
other phone together and show you
exactly what I mean. As you can see when
you open it for the first time, it'll
you can sign in with Google or with
Fitbit if you have an account. Let's do
it with Google. Continue as Makawi. You
have to agree to the conditions, put
your height and weight. Let's do that
quickly. It should should pull these
data out from Apple Health, but let's
see. Allow the notifications. Okay, how
do you like to track your health? The
first problem. As you can see we can
connect a Fitbit Air or a Pixel Watch or
go the other route and connect Google
Health with Apple Health. As you can see
the first problem, it's only allowed to
read, no writing. [music] So I said, why
not let it read everything about me in
the past and I'm sure going to be able
to connect all my devices to it in a
later page or something. When I clicked
allow, it says Google Health is now
syncing. I pressed done. As you can see
it's syncing the data. I can connect my
medical records and I can connect my
Google Health email. As you can see it's
syncing right now. Give it some time. In
this exact step, I realized yesterday
that it's disappointing. I realized it's
taking everything it knows about you
from Apple Health. It doesn't allow
third-party integrations yet. So, it has
the same problem as Bevel. It's only
restricted by the amount of data Apple
Health has got because it's reading from
Apple Health everything. As I told you
last week, Apple Health only syncs
properly with the Apple Watch. That's
why Bevel works amazing with any Apple
Watch. But, with third-party wearables
or devices like the Eight Sleep, they
don't write enough data to Apple Health.
Therefore, Google Health is not going to
be as accurate as you want it to be
because of the restrictions of the
third-party companies or devices. They
don't allow enough data to be written to
Apple Health. A lot of you guys have
corrected me last week. I was blaming
everything on Apple. A lot of you guys
defended Apple and told me Apple has
opened everything for everyone. It's the
third-party companies that are guarding
the wall and not allowing enough data to
go beyond their apps. So, it's on
third-party companies to allow enough
data to be written to Apple Health and
after that be written to Google Health.
I thought in my mind that they will
allow direct integration. I'm talking
about Google Health here. They will
allow direct integration with Whoop,
with Heal you, maybe with Eight Sleep,
maybe with Garmin, but it's not the case
yet. Everything Google Health knows
about you is either from a Fitbit Air,
it's going to be at the complete picture
like Apple Health with the Apple Watch.
If you're using anything other than
Fitbit Air or any Fitbit device or the
Pixel Watch, all Google products, you're
not going to be able to see enough data
about yourself from your other wearables
into Google Health. As you can see, it's
still loading the data. We can check the
health marker as you can see from here.
If we go to devices, we can connect a
Pixel or a Fitbit watch. If we go to
apps and services, we can only connect
Strava. So, the only two options from
now is Strava and Apple Health. So, the
best way to work around if you have a
Garmin watch or a Helios strap or a
Whoop is to write your data to Strava to
allow Google Health to read it from
Strava. If you only depend on Apple
Health, you will not get enough data for
you to see a complete picture. I know
that firsthand because most of my
devices, even though I allowed
everything, they don't write HRV to
Apple Health. And the only device which
is allowing that, the Helios strap, is
only writing one or two readings per
night. Whoop does not write HRV to Apple
Health. Therefore, if you connect Google
Health to Apple Health, Google Health
will not see your HRV. The same for
Eight Sleep, they do not write your HRV
to Google Health. So, if you are
connecting Google Health to Apple Health
for now, you will get a complete picture
just from your Apple Watch. I hope that
makes sense. I wish Google is working
right now on this problem, but I cannot
talk about it until I see it. I think
the best route is they allowed the
direct connection, the same thing they
did with Strava, with Whoop, with Eight
Sleep, with Helios strap, with Garmin
Connect, etc. As you can see, when it
connects, we will be able to see all the
data we need to see. We can customize on
the health metric here downstairs. We
can add whatever we like to add. I think
when we unlock with premium, when the
Fitbit Air comes here, we will get more
data and more coaching. The AI is
completely disabled on the free version.
For now, you only get a simple interface
about today and about your health in
total, like a trend. As you can see, it
knows about my protein, my carbs, and my
steps, but nothing about my HRV. But
again, it's still Is it synced?
I love this graph already. It's going to
be competing with Bevel. The calorie
intake diagram is so intuitive. As you
can see the vitals, it's not yet synced.
I don't know why. But I'm not going to
lie, it's so simple. I like the
interface. It's not bad at all. As you
can see, I only get two tabs today,
which is the stuff you are supposed to
hit today. And Health is going to show
you all the trends going forward with
time. It only synced the energy burned
and the calorie intake from
MyFitnessPal, which writes to Apple
Health. But it didn't take, as you can
see, any heart data. Let me go check
again Apple Health. Why is it not
syncing my heart rate variability and
resting heart rate? What's up with that?
Google Health is allowed to read my
heart rate and heart rate variability.
So, why is it not syncing? I told you
guys it's going to be a nightmare
because Apple Health is not dependable
at all. I don't know why. Any app that
reads from Apple Health usually does
this. They don't get the complete
picture. So, when Google Health tried to
sync, they only got half of the picture.
They only got the nutrition. They only
got the weight. They only got the steps.
They didn't get any heart rate data. You
can also log, as you can see, any
activity. I think it doesn't log sleep
by itself on the free version. I'm not
sure. Don't quote me on that. You have
to log it manually. I'm not sure if I
have the patience for that. But I will
talk about it in detail when I get my
Fitbit Air in the mail coming next week.
For now, I just thought I should give
you a heads up. Be careful when syncing
Google Health with Apple Health. Apple
Health doesn't have all the data from
all of your wearables. And according to
you guys, we cannot blame Apple Health.
We should blame the third-party devices
or companies. They are the ones who are
guarding their data behind the paywall.
You have to stay in their own app to see
your data. The best way around it for
now is to connect your devices to Strava
and allow Google Health and Bevel, for
that matter, to read from Apple Health.
So, for now, if you have a Pixel Watch
or a Fitbit device, Google Health is
going to be enough for you. You can see
all your data, but if you are depending
on other trackers to sync with Google
Health with Apple Health in between, be
careful. For now, it's not the best
route. And again, none of these are
Google Health problem. I'm sure Google
Health is working on third-party
integrations as we speak, but Apple
Health has been doing that for years and
the third-party companies are not
writing still enough data to Apple
Health. So, it's going to be a problem.
I'm not so optimistic about it. If you
want to see your data compared to
others, I developed a custom app with a
custom algorithm. It takes 1 minute of
your time. It's completely free. You
write your own data and you will see
your position on the leaderboard
competing with other members of the
community. Let's build this community
together. I'm so excited to see your
number, where you stack on the
leaderboard. You're going to find the
link in the description. It's completely
free. Please tell me in the comments,
are you going to order a Fitbit Air or
not? Are you going to use Google Health
or not? I will read all the comments and
reply to you as we speak. Now, go watch
this video. You will see the issue in
detail when I discuss how many devices I
logged into Bevel to show you exactly
the Apple Health problem. Go watch it.
You will see what I'm talking about.
>> [music]
[music]

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GSDvO0LFFE
All right. So, Whoop is dominant as a
fitness tracker in the world of
professional and enthusiast athletes all
around the world. I have a lot of
friends. I play ultimate frisbee friends
and teammates who all wear Whoops. It's
this screenless lightweight puck in a
thin band with all these sensors on one
side that you just wear 24/7. So, when
the Fitbit Air came along, a lot of
those same people immediately were
interested and started asking me about
it. Hey, is it is it good? Should I
should I switch? Are they comparable?
And the main reason for that is the
Whoop subscription. You see, you don't
just buy the Whoop tracker. You buy the
tracker and then pay a membership
subscription that starts at $200 a year
and goes up to $350 a year forever. If
you ever do stop paying, the Whoop
literally doesn't do anything anymore.
Becomes a brick. It's useless. The
Fitbit, on the other hand, doesn't even
require a subscription at all. And the
subscription they do offer for extra
features is much cheaper than the Whoop.
It's $100 a year. So, almost everyone
asking me about this basically just
wants to know, is it as good as a Whoop,
but cheaper? Cuz if so, then I might as
well switch. So, to any of my teammates
out there watching this or any other
athletes who are considering switching,
I have spent the last almost two weeks
wearing both of these things alongside
an Apple Watch for a ton of stuff.
Practices, games, workouts, recoveries,
sleeping, and more. I hated being that
guy wearing multiple trackers at the
same time, but hey, someone's got to do
it. And now I have your answer. You
might not like it, but I have your
answer. So, to me, it's pretty clear
Fitbit Air is designed to take direct
aim at Whoop, not just with the matching
form factor, which I'll get to in a
second, but with their pricing model.
So, like I said, the Whoop is free, but
it's literally useless without the
subscription. I honestly hope that
changes after this, but as of right now,
200 bucks a year baseline every year to
get in the door. The $99 Fitbit Air is
functional with no subscription at all,
and it will do a good amount of basic
tracking, heart rate, step tracking,
calories burned, sleep tracking, and
more. But if you want the full suite of
everything, including the AI fitness
coach and a big workout library, that's
$100 a year. And there's all kinds of
promos right now as it launches for like
three free months of Google Health
Premium. So, I would say it definitely
wins the price battle. But also keep in
mind this is still Google we're talking
about here, the the data and ads
company. So of course they would want to
sell you a subsidized fitness tracker
and leverage the Fitbit name to get it
in as many hands as possible because
they want as much data as possible
because it's Google. So just something
to keep in mind. This is still a Google
tracker. So it may be a surprise, but I
also give Google the nod in form factor
over the Whoop. They're both pretty
small. They're both these little plastic
pucks with an optical heart rate sensor.
They're both water resistant. But the
Fitbit is a little bit more of this
longer oval shape, and it's just a
little smaller, a little lighter than
the Whoop. And because it's a narrow
oval, it's a little more obscure, too.
It has a thinner band on your wrist. I
also like that it's velcro that you can
easily adjust versus the Whoop clasp
that is a little more secure, but harder
to adjust. Uh, but that also means you
can pretty easily just pop the tracker
out. So, the tracker you can take out of
this band with a little pressure, so you
can switch bands super easily, which I
really like. I will say though, since
the Whoop has existed for many more
years than this Air, it has the
advantage of a ton more accessories for
it. So, there's a wristband. There's
also a bicep strap and a chest strap.
Hell, they sell Whoop branded clothing
where you can slip in the sensor and it
still captures data as you're wearing
it. There's literally Whoop underwear.
So, these wristbands are the only
accessories for the Fitbit Air right
now, which for me is fine. Uh, but I
wouldn't also be shocked if in like two
weeks or like right after I publish this
video, there's a bunch of accessories on
Amazon or T-Mu or whatever. So, yeah,
right now just the bands. So, there are
three wristband materials. There's the
performance loop band, then there's the
active band, and the elevated modern
band. Uh, I've spent most of my time
with this. This is the Steph Curry
special edition band, which is a version
of the performance loop, but it's this
knitted fabric that kind of reminds me
of the Apple Watch Trail Loop. But I did
notice I stained it somehow. Like at
some point in my first two weeks, I have
no idea when or how this happened, but
there's got a little stain in this
fabric. And that's a real bummer because
this is the comfortable band that I want
to wear most of the day and sleep in. I
also worked out in it a few times. It is
comfortable. It is secure. it was never
an issue, but it does get a little damp
if you sweat a lot in it. Uh, so I would
say that the rubber like active band is
probably more ideal for a lot of sweat.
If the whole point of these screenless
fitness trackers is to be discreet and
understated, so you can wear an actual
watch on the other wrist or something
like that and dress it up, then these
are all pretty good, but this elevated
modern band is probably actually the
best one. So, for those of you watching
who don't know, I would consider myself
a pretty serious competitive athlete. I
made a video talking all about the other
sports tech that I use, but to catch up
anybody who's missed it, I play ultimate
frisbee and I play at a high level on on
club and pro teams. And so that involves
a lot of practices and games, but then
also a lot of workouts and cardio
training and recovery and all that in
between. And I track everything. So for
years, I've done all this stuff wearing
an Apple Watch. You can probably find
tons of footage of me playing in games
and see an Apple Watch on my wrist. So
that's been there for a long time.
That's my baseline. But honestly, I
would say I'm more of a free agent. I'm
open-minded. I am very much willing to
switch and become either a Whoop or
Fitbit person if the data and the
experience is that much better or more
personalized for me. So, yeah, me
wearing all three of these things for
the past week and a half and doing all
these activities was just as much an
exercise and data collection as it was
in my own personal interest. So, this
new Fitbit Air plugs straight into the
Google Health app, which was previously
the Fitbit app. Why they chose to get
rid of the Fitbit name for the app but
keep it for the product. I guess we'll
never know. But the app is pretty good.
When you first jump in, you set this
thing up. And if you're paying the
subscription, you can talk to the AI
coach and tell it what you want to
accomplish and what your goals are, and
it will build something up for you to
start following from day one. And
literally from that point on, every
single day in the app, there's some new
info looping in the sleep you had the
night before and the weather that day,
if it's going to be really hot or cold
for your workout, and just giving you
suggestions on what to focus on. And
also, at any point, you can hit that
blue button at the bottom and talk to
the AI coach, ask it questions, and it
gives you personalized answers based on
what you were doing during the setup and
all the data that it has about you. And
you can use it to keep updating your
plan. I even tried asking it a bunch of
kind of tricky questions just to see if
it would falter, but it generally
didn't. It gives sources when it's like
talking about other real world stuff.
And if you ask crazy questions about
like how to lose massive amounts of
weight or totally reshape your life, it
brings the focus back to sustainability,
which I mean, that's good. That's the
type of stuff I hear Dr. Mike talking
about all the time in his videos when
he's talking with his patients. Drastic
lifestyle changes aren't a great idea,
but you got to focus on what you can
actually keep up. It's good. Uh, I also
have a human personal trainer who is
programming my workouts every day all
year round. Like, he knows my goals. He
knows the schedule, the teams I play
for, and when I'm able to hit certain
lifts, and when I'm feeling good versus
bad, and can adjust programming
accordingly. If I have a lingering
injury, we can work around that. But not
everyone has access to that. So the idea
is you can have this AI trainer and just
tell it everything about you and it can
replicate that same experience and be
just as personalized and responsive. Now
the Whoop feature set I would say is a
bit more advanced and comprehensive. For
example, here's the display on the phone
app during a workout from Google and
from Whoop. Like the Fitbit UI is
cleaner and prettier, no question. Uh
but Whoop is clustering way more
information in here. the live graph of
my heart rate. Some of that stuff you
might find useful. Whoop also has a
daily stress monitor, obviously a
recovery score. Uh there's a built-in
journal so you can identify patterns
that might be leading to certain metric
changes. There's even an advanced labs
feature where you can literally upload
lab blood test results and explore your
different biomarkers and how they change
over time. It's a lot. And yes, there's
also an AI assistant that you can talk
to about your workouts and about your
metrics. It's not as prominent, but it
is just kind of lurking, waiting all the
time to help you out. It's just a bunch
more ways of interpreting the data
coming off of the tracker. So, if the
Apple Watch is like beginner mode of
just getting started, feels like the
Fitbit is kind of like medium
proficiency. And then it does feel like
the Whoop is made for someone more
advanced. It's like the more you use it,
the more you know what you're looking
for, the more you can get out of it. But
none of this matters if it's not
accurate, right? One thing that's
important to note about these fitness
trackers is they have a bit of a
calibration period when you first get
them. So, the Apple Watch, which is not
really personalized to you, doesn't have
one. It just sort of you set it up, you
set your rings, and you just start going
and it does its best. The Fitbit Air has
basically a 7-day period where you wear
it every day, and then by the end of
that week, it knows you and then it can
do everything. The Whoop is even a
little bit more complicated. It takes
different amounts of time to calibrate
different features. uh 4 days for your
personalized recovery score, 7 days for
health monitor, 21 days for health span,
and a whole 30 days until it's fully
calibrated for you. But I did
immediately start wearing all three of
these at the same time as I go through
my normal week of practices, workouts,
recoveries, and sleeps just to see if
the numbers were all the same. And
honestly, at the end of the day, we know
that these aren't like incredibly
accurate, but it's more just about like
as long as they're consistent, right?
Like if it's a little high and then a
little low and then a little high again,
that's not very useful. But if it's a
little bit high every single time, then
okay, I can calibrate myself to that and
that's useful. So here's a Zone 2
steadystate indoor bike workout from the
Apple Watch Series 11, the Whoop 5.0,
and the Fitbit Air. The watch doesn't
have any sort of scoring system like the
other two. It's just counting calories,
but then they're all reading heart rates
the entire time. Now, here's the data
from a HIT workout tempo runs again from
the Apple Watch, then from the Whoop,
and finally from the Fitbit Air. Nearly
a 45% difference here in calories burned
between the Whoop and the other two,
which is crazy. And then here is a 4hour
Ultimate Frisbee practice that I
actually left up to automatic tracking
for the Fitbit since I thought it'd be
pretty obvious, but since it was still
during the calibration period, it
actually accidentally split it into two
separate workouts. Maybe because my
heart rate was dropping in the middle
with some rest that we took. So, I
combined the numbers and these are what
those numbers are. Hilarious calorie
difference between the watch and the
Fitbit. And so, just in these workout
summary pages, you can see the Apple
Watch is the super simplistic version of
this, right? It even includes miles
because it has GPS where the fitness
trackers don't, but that's not really
necessary for most of my workouts. But,
yeah, I like how the Fitbit puts the
summary from the AI right at the top
instead of having to click into it like
the Whoop. And then in these more heart
rate sensitive workouts like the HIT
workout, you get a very clear idea of
what your heart rate was and when.
Honestly, the Fitbit is my favorite
workout summary page among the three of
these. It's excellent. So, overall,
basically, two things became clear with
my little experiment here. Uh, one is
that the Apple Watch clearly overounts
calories burned every time. That's just
the way it is. But then two is that the
Fitbit Air is pretty in line with the
Whoop as far as heart rate numbers
across the board and it's just a little
bit higher normally in total calories
burned. The real difference is just in
how they choose to summarize and present
that data for you. So like every Whoop
user is used to looking at strain and
recovery percentage. Uh the Fitbit
doesn't have that. Instead it has cardio
load. That's just like the headline
number. So, Whoop's strain is on a scale
from 0ero to 21, and it's personalized
based on your history and your health.
Fitbit's cardio load, it doesn't really
seem to have a cap, but it's basically
measuring how elevated your heart rate
gets from normal and for how long. So,
once the AI coach like gets to know you
well enough, it knows what that normal
is, and then it can set a goal for
cardio load for each week. It's funny.
The first week it didn't really know me
very well. So, it assigned the Frisbee
practice as like a 327 cardio load when
my goal for the whole week was 150. But
figured itself out later. But yeah, once
you're calibrated, just like Whoop
strain, that is the glancible number
that you can check out just to generally
see how much work you're doing. So,
neither of these fitness trackers has a
clock or a screen or any way of showing
you notifications, but they both do have
a haptic motor for an alarm clock. So,
you can set an alarm and this will buzz
you on the wrist just by tapping you
lightly. The Whoops is a little more
rattly and the Fitbits feels a little
more clean. Both can be dismissed by
just doubletapping. The more you know,
the Whoop does also have a bit of a
longer battery life. So, the Fitbit Air
is rated for 7 days. With my usage, I
feel like it's closer to 5 to 6 days.
The Whoop is closer to seven or eight
days. But when it comes to charging
them, so the Fitbit comes with this uh
little three-foot cable, USBC on one
side and little magnetic pins on the
other. So you got to take it off your
wrist and you pop it on and this will
charge pretty fast. Like 0 to 100 in 90
minutes, but also 5 minutes of charge
will get you about a day of use. If you
just you got a workout to go do or
you're about to go somewhere, you can
just plug it in for 5 minutes. The
Whoop, on the other hand,
has this little puck here. Turns out Woo
people are so obsessed with never taking
this off and having 24/7 data that the
idea of missing 2 hours of it just to
charge is unacceptable. So, you get this
little puck, you charge this with USB
type-C, and then you slide this puck on
the rails onto the Whoop, and then it'll
inductively charge the Whoop while
you're wearing them both. So, now you've
got this little wireless charger heating
up on your wrist. It's much slower, but
you don't have to take the Whoop off. I
just will I'll just keep charging them
while I'm in the shower. I don't wear
them in the shower. Why Why do you have
to? Anyway, both Whoop and Fitbit Air
are multiplatform compatible, so that's
nice. You can pair them to an Android
phone or an iPhone, whichever you have.
Whoops also happens to have an iPad app,
though, which Google Health does not.
It's not a very good app, but it's
better than no app at all. And then if
you have other trackers like an eight
sleep or a Garmin for example, Fitbit
will actually defer to those more
specialized fitness trackers for those
certain activities for contributing to
Google Health. So your sleep if you have
an eight sleep will take from the eight
sleep instead of the Fitbit. And if you
go for a run with the Garmin and it has
GPS and all these better metrics, it
will take that instead of whatever would
come from the Fitbit. And then you can
always view sources for whatever data
you're looking at when you're in the
Google Health app, which is nice. It's
the little things. Also, the Fitbit can
read from Apple Health right now, but it
cannot write to Apple Health yet.
Allegedly, that's coming with a software
update.
Allegedly.
Wearing all three of these has taught me
that there is room for all three of them
in the fitness world. There's there's
like a slider for beginner, medium,
advanced. The Apple Watch sort of
accidentally became a fitness device
after its primary task of showing you
the time and the notifications from your
phone. Wear it all day, close your
rings, get some steps in. The end. Super
simple. The Whoop is the super dense I
really care version for people who are
tracking every little thing and trying
to optimize their recovery. And a lot of
them, I would guess, are probably
training for something they want to
maximize their performance in. all
bundled into a borderline predatory
subscription model that we all
universally hate. So then here comes a
Fitbit Air aimed directly at the Whoop.
It's the same screenless form factor and
it does 90% of what the Whoop does
without any subscription and you
actually own the thing. So the natural
reaction is that this does feel like a
Whoop killer. But I'll add some nuance
to it. This is a Whoop killer for people
who just want more of the basics of of
health tracking, fitness tracking, your
heart rate, your sleep tracking, your
step counter, your calories, your
workouts, all that stuff because that's
all included. You get that when you buy
the thing and you own it. But with the
subscription, it is a Whoop alternative
from Google. And we know Google. This is
a company that famously wants all of
your data because they're literally a
data and ads company. And the more they
know about people, the more money they
can make. So, of course, it's Google
that's willing to buy Fitbit and then
sell a subsidized fitness tracker to get
it in as many people's hands as possible
to get as much data from those people as
they possibly can. It's just something
to keep in mind because it's Google. So,
I think people getting the most out of
Whoop and all of its personalization are
going to continue using Whoop. And also
for people who are just getting started,
I think you can just use something
that's cheap. That's why you should
probably just go with the one built into
your smartwatch. It's easy. And then for
everyone else, there's Fitbit. Me
personally, I, you know, I've gone
through this experiment. I've worn them
all. I haven't actually really made up
my mind yet on which one I want to be. I
kind of I I want having notifications on
my wrist, but I also want the extra
data. So, we'll see. Get subscribed to
see which one stays on my wrist longer
in future videos. And that's that's how
you know which one I pick. Thanks for
watching. Catch you guys in the next
one. Peace.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtTlm_SukrQ
This 99$ Google fitbit air replaced my 750$
Garmin watch for a week and I’m going to tell you
what I liked about it and what issues I faced.
Fitbit Air is basically a smart tracker that
looks like a band without any display. There is a
small capsule inside that is attached to a band,
which hides it well, and you can wrap it around
your wrist. I got the lavender color since I’m
a bit crazy about lavender. The textile band
is one size, and it can fit my wrist, which
is male average, but also Mari’s wrist, which is
petite. Maria especially loved the band since she
told me none of the smartwatches ever fit her.
Fitbit Air only weighs 12 grams. In comparison,
my Garmin Forerunner 970 weighs 56 grams. That is
a very noticeable weight, and I often find myself
removing the watch when I get home since it gets
annoying, and in summer, it irritates my skin.
Of course, this weight is achieved by obviously
not having a display. I do sometimes accidentally
look at my Fitbit Air to check the time, then
I remember there is no screen on it. Having a
screen can sometimes be beneficial for checking
the weather quickly or checking the map. On the
other hand, when I went hiking with both of them,
I really appreciated Fitbit not having a screen
and not distracting me constantly, but at the same
time, having the important measurements like heart
rate available. Fitbit Air doesn’t have built-in
GPS, altimeter, compass, ECG, or a display. But it
still has the core sensors: optical heart rate,
SpO2, accelerometer, gyroscope, and temperature
sensing. It also lacks physical buttons, so you
may ask how you can start an activity to track
it. The answer is simple: it does automatically
track some activities, but that is not reliable.
For example, I did a few cycling activities that
it didn’t register because I assume my heart
rate didn’t elevate much. It did track a short
walk I did and also a gardening session. When
I wanted to go on a hike, I did click on starting
a workout from the rather comprehensive list that
it offers. It does use your phone’s GPS data,
then the activity is broken down into duration,
calories burned, distance, steps you took,
pace, heart rate, and the heart rate zones.
My only concern is that it doesn’t show your max
heart rate, which is a bit strange. I did check
my max heart rate on the main screen though,
and there I realized the max heart rate was
around 7 beats more than Garmin, but overall both
charts did fit. Of course, we need to wait for The
Quantified Scientist to measure the difference
more scientifically. On the main screen, you can
see other information like the weekly cardio, how
much you slept last night, and the steps you took
during the day. If you have the premium version,
which is around 10 dollars a month, and I signed
up for the trial, which is free for the first
3 months, you get some insight via Gemini. For
example, it did tell me I definitely didn’t sleep
enough last night, and it even used some of my
prior chat in the app to speculate why I didn’t
have a good night’s sleep. Overall, this Gemini
integration can be nice sometimes. I usually read
through it and chat with it for getting general
advice about my health and sleep. For example,
it did warn me not to go outside after 11 since
it’s 30 degrees Celsius, which of course I didn’t
listen to, and I got burned. Speaking of sleep,
generally Google has a rather good sleep
tracking algorithm based on The Quantified
Scientist channel. It does break your sleep into
total awake, REM, light, and deep sleep, and again
usually gives you a summary using Gemini of what
happened during your sleep. It does also break the
sleep into qualities such as time to sound sleep,
interruptions, and restlessness. Another feature
of the Google Health app is the Ask Coach feature.
It’s basically Gemini but on steroids since it
does have all of your health data. I did chat
with it a bit about how I can improve my sleep,
and it did give me some useful tips. The last tab
in the app is the Health tab, which gives you a
general overview of your health, and it does focus
a lot on your weekly breakdown. It also does show
the battery percentage in the top left corner. For
battery life, I did test Fitbit Air nonstop for 5
days, being on my wrist 24 hours, and it did lose
around 40% battery life, so I expect it to easily
last you 7–10 days minimum. In comparison my
Garmin lasts around 14 days. The charging time is
a bit slow. There is a charger in the box, which
charges the capsule fully in 90 minutes. Overall,
I absolutely love this band. It’s very comfortable
to wear. As long as you are not looking for some
hardcore recovery plan or stats, I find it more
useful than a watch and also easier to wear, nicer
for your wallet, and less distracting. If you
enjoyed this video, don’t forget to like the video
and hit the subscribe button. Thanks for tuning
into Techmo, and I will see you in the next one!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cCtO-ERzcM
Hey, what's up guys? So, I've got this
Fitbit Air Band and I've been wearing it
for a couple of days and now I have some
initial impressions to share with you.
Also, there are few really interesting
features in the app that I'll talk about
later in this video. Now, the material
is soft and comfortable. It is not
stretchy at all. Initially, I thought
that the width was not enough. I wanted
it a little bit more wider like this
Helio band is. So, you can see the
comparison of the width of these two
bands. Now, initially I wanted it to be
at least this wide, but now after
wearing it for a couple of days, this is
growing on me. And I think this is the
perfect size. It is really light and
just disappears in the background. And
after a while, you just completely
forget that you're wearing anything on
your wrist. Especially when you're
sleeping at night, this thing is really
comfortable. Even this would just, you
know, sometimes pinch into my wrist and
I would realize that I'm actually
wearing something. But this thing just
disappears in the background because it
is light. It stays on your wrist, does
not move around. And I think that would
help it gather more accurate or
consistent heart rate data from my
wrist. Now, it comes with this charger
and you just take the puck out and just
put it on here. It's magnetic. And then
on the other hand, you've got USBC, so
you can plug it in any of your chargers.
And that's how you can charge it. Now,
if we go in the app, Google Health,
which is the new app. Here, you can see
the battery life is 84%. I charged it to
100% day before yesterday when I first
put it on and it hasn't been two days
full. It is down to 84%. It has tracked
two nights worth of data and then one
activity I tracked yesterday. I think it
will last me a week, but I'll obviously
share my full review with you guys and
let you know how it has fared in that.
Now, let's take a look at the new Google
Health app. It has that Material 3
expressive design, some pastel colors
going on here. Looks really nice and
clean. I don't know what everyone is on
about. I really like the design of this
app. So, first of all, here you can see
that it is showing wrong steps for
today. It hasn't synced up or it hasn't
updated. I think this is a bug.
Hopefully, Google will fix it. So, if I
tap on it, you can see that the number
of steps actually for today are 206
since morning since when I woke up. And
if I go back, it hasn't synced up. Same
for the distance and same for the
exercise days. Anyways, moving on. The
layout is pretty simple. At the top
we've got these scrollable pages and you
can go in this edit button and you can
add more sections from here. So as you
continue to add these you will get more
scrollable pages. I got to at least
three. So once they are here actually
they are interactive. So you can tap on
them and see more data. You can see
daily, weekly, monthly, 3 month or
yearly data on the Zap app or Samsung
health app. If you tap anywhere on these
graphs it would pinpoint the data and
the date and the hour for that instant.
But on this app, it wasn't happening
until someone helped me on threads. So,
if you tap and hold anywhere here, it
actually shows you the data of that
instant. So, that's really helpful. And
it works with all the metrics. So, you
can come in your steps, long press, and
it shows you the number of steps I took
between 7 and 8:00 p.m. or 8:00 a.m. Or
you can move it around, and then you can
see your hourly data like that. Now here
you see some other things log and start
and there is this ask coach feature
which is talked about a lot. I'll cover
this later in this video because after
that it will make much more sense. So
next is the fitness tab and here you can
see all the workouts that you can do. So
you've got your treadmill, walk workout
and you can go in more and from here you
can select from several activities. You
can also build your own custom workout
here. Add different exercises and all
that stuff you can do here. Now here you
see your workout library and you've got
things like saved, strength, cardio,
pelaton classes, mobility and yoga. And
then you can go and see all and here you
will see again your saved. You can also
go in these different categories. So if
you go in running you will get these
running activities and drills and
courses and whatnot. And then you can go
in strength mindfulness. So if you go in
here you will see a lot of meditations,
sleep meditations, breathing exercises
and whatnot. There is soothing
soundsscapes here at work. Gratitude,
compassion, and all that stuff is also
here. Mindful eating is here. So that
might actually help me. There's also
recipes. So you can actually uh see some
healthy recipes within the Google app.
No need to go anywhere else. And this is
actually a premium feature. So if you
have the premium feature, which Google
is giving away for 3 months for free
with this app or Fitbit Air, uh you
don't need to pay anything. But after
that, you actually have to pay for
accessing all of this information. And
then there is this new stuff here. So
you've got a lot of Pelaton classes
here. So there ton of stuff here from
Pelaton. If you scroll down, you'll see
instructors and then all the brands that
are actually contributing to this
premium section to Google. You can also
create a workout with your coach AI
coach. You can tell it what is it that
you want, what is it that you want to
focus on, and you can create an AI
health plan. Your recent activities will
appear here. So here I did a treadmill
workout. So there you go. If you go in
this activity, it will show you all the
information. The duration, energy
burned, distance, steps, average heart
rate, cardio load, and all of this stuff
will appear here. And again, you'll
notice this sign on every page. So, you
can ask Google Health Coach anything
about this activity. Moving down, you
can also log your activities. And then
there are some other key metrics,
cardio, fitness, energy burn, resting
heart rate. So, these are weekly metrics
that it is showing you here. And then it
gives you your personal insights as well
based on your metrics. Next section is
the sleep section. So here you can see
everything about your sleep. You can see
your sleep score. You can see your sleep
duration and how it has been trending
over period of past one week. Similar
for sleep duration. Again you can tap on
this button and ask the health coach
about it. And then it comes to your
latest sleep that it has tracked which
was last night. So here I've got some
feedback that it wasn't enough. I didn't
sleep enough. And then there's sleep
quality which is something I find really
useful. These dotted bars that you see
are actually the normal ranges and you
can instantly see if you are in that
range or not. And once again we have
that AI button here. Then some key
metrics or weekly metrics. You can see
the trends going down, going up, you're
improving or getting worse, whatever.
Now if you want to see more information
about your sleep, you can actually tap
on these cards and go in more detail in
your sleep. And here it will tell you
things like your sleep duration, your
sleep quality. You can see your stages,
REM, sleep, light, deep sleep. You can
check your timeline, different
benchmarks, 30-day average if you want.
Again, we've got sleep quality here, and
you can see your average sleeping heart
rate here as well. And then the last
section here is the health tab, and this
shows you an overview of your overall
health. You have cards that show you
your weekly heart rate, cardio, resting
heart rate, HIV, active zone minutes,
blood oxygen levels, V2, calorie intake,
energy burn, and all that stuff. And
then if you scroll down further, you get
to your focused areas where you can see
everything about your heart,
respiratory, fitness, nutrition, vitals,
mental well-being, sleep, temperature,
metabolic. You can go in there and it
shows you these readings that it has
taken from your wrist. So you can come
in here and see all this data. Then
there are some health checks where you
can set up your alerts. Things like low
heart rate alert, high heart rate alert,
irregular rhythm. It can track that. It
doesn't do any diagnosis. It's just to
give you an idea of what's going on. And
then you can add your medical
information. Things like allergies,
conditions, medications, if you're
pregnant, visits, social history,
vaccines, vital signs, all of that can
be added in this section here. Now, if
we come back to the today section, I
want to show you the health coach
feature and a really cool feature that
is embedded in the health coach. So here
it generates these automatic insights
based on your past days or activities
throughout the day. So it has an insight
for my sleep. It is telling me that I
didn't get enough sleep and all that and
what I should do to improve my day today
and next day. These are all the insights
generated automatically. You don't have
to do anything. It will just generate
these insights based on the activities
that you're doing and whatever it tracks
from your wrist. Now you can tap on this
ask coach button here and ask it
anything you want. So, I'm going to ask
it,
can I do to improve
my sleep
tonight?
Now, it will take into account
everything. It has tracked my sleep, the
workout yesterday, my heart rate, and
all that stuff.
And there you go. It is telling me I
didn't get enough sleep. I woke up
early. There's some sleep pressure, a
lot of advice on how I can improve my
sleep. And now I want to show you
something really cool that you can do
with this coach feature. You can go in
this log button here. You can see that
you can manually log your activities and
other things like body fat, food,
glucose, hydration, sleep, temperature,
and your weight. But you can also log in
the calories that you ate in your food.
You don't have to count those calories
manually. You can make this coach do
that for you. So, you can either turn on
the camera and take a picture of your
food, or you can also go in your gallery
and use a picture that you've already
taken. So, here's a picture of a
breakfast I recently ate. I'm going to
just ask it, how many
calories are there in this
breakfast?
And you can also use this mic button to
do all this stuff. You don't have to
type it out, which is, I think, really
cool and helpful. So now it will analyze
this image and remember it is powered by
Gemini so it will do a pretty good job
here which it has. So it has identified
that this is a south Asian breakfast
tray alvapuri. So there we have a
breakdown of all the things here and in
total it is telling me that it had
around 852,000 calories in that tray. It
has tied it to what I asked it earlier
that I was feeling groggy which I
obviously didn't do on camera but there
you go. Since you mentioned feeling
groggy this morning, just a heads up
that the high carb and fat combo can
sometimes lead to a food coma later on.
So, you know, it's a holistic approach
to whatever data you feed in this AI
coach. It will take all of that into
account when it is giving you that
answer. Cool thing here is that you can
ask it to log these calories for your
food intake for today. Log these
calories
for today.
And let's see what it does here. And
there you go. It has logged that
breakfast for me. So I can just tap on
this button here. I can see the name of
the breakfast, number of calories, the
meal is breakfast. And then it breaks it
down as well, which is something really,
really cool. The amount of carbs, fat,
and protein in that breakfast. Now I can
come back here and I can tap on this
button and here it will also update
these sections. So it will update the
proteins, fats, and carbs for today. So
if I tap these here,
I should be able to see them in the main
dashboard. So it has not only added the
total number of calories for the day, it
has also broken it down in terms of
fats, proteins, and carbs for the day.
So that's an overview of the new Google
Health app and some initial impressions
of the Fitbit Air. I'll obviously share
my full review of Fitbit Air in coming
days. If you have any questions, you can
ask them in the comments or catch me up
on threads. I'll see you in the next
one. Till then, take care. Goodbye.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGD9CS2YOiY&t=505s
The $99 Fitbit Air has the same heart
rate sensor set as the Fitbit Inspire 3
and the Fitbit Charge 5 and 6, some of
which were released close to half a
decade ago. So, can that old sensor
compete with the latest generation of
wearables from other companies like
Apple, Garmin, and Whoop. Now, of
course, we'll test it in detail, and not
to spoil anything, but I'm impressed by
what Google was able to do with this old
sensor. probably because of some great
signal processing and AI. Now, in this
video, we will scientifically test all
the health and sports tracking features
to find out all the details. Now, my
name is Rob and I'm a post-doctoral
scientist specializing in biological
data analysis. On this channel, the goal
is simple, to be your source of
systematic, scientific, and as objective
as possible testing of wearables. That
is really what this channel is meant to
be. A place where you can find detailed,
consistent, datadriven tests of smart
watches and health trackers, so you can
make up your own mind based on evidence
rather than on marketing claims. That
means that for the Fitbit Air, we will
do many tests, even more than normal.
We'll look at the heart rate tracking
accuracy during different types of
exercise, sleep stage tracking compared
to an EEG based reference device, step
counting, automatic workout detection,
and also heart rate and heart rate
variability tracking during the night.
However, before getting to all of those
tests right here, I first want to answer
as many of your questions as possible
because I asked you, my viewers, what
you most wanted to know about the Fitbit
Air. And I will answer as many as
possible. And even the ones I couldn't
answer myself, I asked Google directly.
So in the first part of this video, I
want to go through those answers because
they already tell us quite a lot about
how this device work, what it can and
cannot do, and how you should interpret
the data it gives you. But don't worry,
I'll actually merge some of those tests
already within that section. So settle
in, grab a coffee or whatever drink you
prefer, and let's do an ultimate deep
dive into the Google Fitbit Air. And of
course, there are timestamps in
description. Let's start with the sensor
and the heart rate tracking and
frequency. As I said, this sensor right
here is already quite old by now. As you
can see, it's basically identical to the
sensor in some older Fitbit models right
here. But that actually doesn't mean
that the results and tracking are going
to be bad. Now, Google says that the
Fitbit Air has two modes of heart rate
measurements depending on your level of
activity. So, it will enable better
heart rate measurements if it knows or
thinks you're doing an exercise. This,
in the end, should give heart rate
updates every 1 or 2 seconds. And
importantly, this sampling rate doesn't
change with battery level or power mode.
Now, it's important to know here that an
activity isn't automatically detected
until you're doing it for at least 10 or
15 minutes, and it depends on the
activity type. Now, I'll put on screen
right here which activities are locked
after which duration. But it's important
to know that this doesn't mean that the
device waits 10 to 15 minutes before
increasing the heart rate sampling
frequency. The 10 to 15 minute
thresholds are only for the
automatically detecting and logging an
activity. But you would still be able to
log it manually after if it's shorter
and get the higher frequency heart rate
data. So, it immediately start checking
your heart rate at a higher quality the
moment it thinks you started your
exercise, but it only logs it as an
exercise after 10 or 15 minutes. Well,
this actually brings me to my first
testing results. Does the automatic
workout detection actually work? And in
my tests, yes, it does. For all of my
cardio exercises, so all of my bike
rides and runs, they were detected
correctly without me starting that. And
I did multiple of both of them. But my
non-c cardio sessions like weightlifting
were not detected. Now I asked Google
and supported automatic activity types
only include things like biking,
spinning, running, walking, and other
high heart rate activities only. But
let's now move on to one of the biggest
questions. What do you get for free with
the app? And what requires a premium
subscription? Well, according to Google,
all the core metrics are for free. So I
have a premium version right here but
all the core metrics you should be able
to get for free without requiring this
premium subscription. So the basics are
free. What is part of Google health
premium are the Gemini powered insights
coaching and ask coach feature. Now a
question actually several of you asked
me is whether the premium features apply
retroactively. In other words, if you
start using the Fitbit Air for free and
later activate premium, will the coach
suddenly analyze all your old workouts
and past nights of sleep? Well, Google
says that at this time, insights and
messages from coach only apply to new
and future activities after you sign up
for premium. So, that's kind of an
interesting choice. And if your premium
subscription expires, Google says your
data will be retained, available to view
in the app, and available to export. So,
the underlying data should not disappear
if you stop paying. though of course the
premium coaching features themselves
will no longer be available. But let's
now actually talk also about the
competition Apple Health and how that
connects to Google Health, but also how
Google Health data from multiple
devices. This is actually important
because many of you are probably not
just using one wearable. You might use
an Apple Watch, a Garmin, a Pixel Watch,
a smart ring, or some combination of
devices. Now at launch, Google Health
can read or import data from Apple
Health if you grant the correct
permissions. Have a writing data back to
Apple Health is not supported at launch.
Google Health says support for exporting
data to Apple Health will be added over
the coming months. So at least initially
Apple Health syncing is mostly just
onedirectional. Google Health can import
but not export. Google also says they
will add support for additional data
types over time including things like
blood pressure and that they're also
working on deriving Google health
metrics like for instance cardio load
from third-party data but it's not there
at this point. Now if you're new to
Fibbit and want to have some data
already in the app, you can use your old
data to build sort of a baseline. Google
says that with permission, Google Health
can import your full history from Health
Connect and as I mentioned, currently up
to three months from Apple Health and
they have some plans to extend that
Apple Health syncing to an oldtime
history. So, not just the last 3 months.
Now, a really important practical
question is duplicate data because you
might wear a Pixel Watch and a Fitbit
Air at the same time. What happens when
both records steps, workouts, sleep, or
heart rate? While Google says that the
app creates a reconciled stream. So
instead of stacking sources, it
prioritizes them and shows one unified
view. So if your Pixel Watch and Fibbit
Air overlap, it will pick the higher
priority source. For example, the steps
from the Pixel Watch. And if you take
that off, it can switch to the Fibbit
Air. You can still inspect each data
source individually by tapping into a
chart and selecting view sources. At
least that's how I understood it. And
Google says you'll soon be able to
reorder source priority, but they also
admit timestamps are tricky and at
launch maybe you will still see
duplicates for sessionbased things like
workouts or meals. Talking about
duplicate data, that is actually one
issue I encountered with one of the
tests I was doing the step counting.
Let's actually go to my testing of that.
Now to test the step counting, I
manually counted my steps with a counter
like this one right here. But I'll let
pass Rob explain. So, with these
counters, when you press it, you get one
extra step. And I did this for 5,000
steps, but I'll let pass Rob explain
while he was in the field doing the
testing. So, I'm going to use this step
counter and see if it agrees every,000
steps with the Fitbit Air. And in total,
I'm aiming for 5,000 steps. So, let's
get to it.
Okay. Okay, so I finished the step
counting test. So in total I took 5,000
steps, but it did it in segments of
1,000 step and the Fitbit Air overounted
always by just a little. So in the first
segment it counted 12 steps too many.
The se second segment it was 10 too
many. Third three, fourth 15 and last
13. So sort of 10 on average. That is a
quick back of my mind calculation. So I
would say roughly 9 to 10 too much on
average over each thousand steps. So, a
1% too much count. Now, that isn't too
much. I did the same thing with the
Pixel Watch 4 and this also tended to
overount. So, I had it on my other wrist
where I did have my counter in. So, that
could have influenced it. Overall,
slight overounting, but nothing too bad.
But, I do need to note one thing here.
Of course, it's connected to my phone
and I don't know if the phone steps are
also somehow taken into account, which
could mean it merges them. And if the
time stamps are just a little bit off,
maybe that accounts for part of the
overounting where if it's 5 seconds
sooner for one than the other, those 5
seconds are doubly counted and also at
the end. Overall though, still pretty
solid, but I still want to test those
false positive ones in the future
long-term video. So, that was really
nice. Those 5,000 steps also kind of
boring. So, now back to Rob in the
studio. Now, I'm not 100% sure if the
priority between different devices is
fully working yet, but according to my
Google Health Coach, my Fitbit should
have had priority over my phone when it
comes to steps. However, if their clocks
were even off by just a few seconds,
some steps might have been counted
doubly. This could be part of the reason
why I got too many steps. However, I
also tested it with the Pixel Watch 4 at
the same time, which overcounted about
the same on average, and I didn't have
that phone on me, so it came purely from
the Pixel Watch right here. I can
actually show you the steps right here.
So, these were the steps that were
counted. So, for each segment of 1,000
steps, the Fitbit counted a few too
many, and the Pixel Watch 4 wasn't too
far off, sometimes even counting quite a
bit more steps. Now, this consistency
and overounting to me indicates that it
might also just be the algorithm itself
that counts too many steps. Regardless,
this was just 1%, so very minor.
However, I also wanted to see if the
Fivet Air count steps when I'm not
moving around to see if it counted any
false positive steps. So, I actually let
it count my steps while I was working on
my laptop and also while I was gaming
for a bit and only for the first hour or
so, some steps were counted. So, while I
was just working, gaming, and working
again, all for about an hour to half an
hour, and only 13 steps were counted one
time, and for the other segments, no
steps were counted at all. So, even if
we were to extend these 13 steps over
the 24 hours where this was a full hour,
you would only get around 300 fall steps
over the entire day. At least it is if
you're sitting the entire day, and that
wouldn't be too bad. But otherwise, no
fall steps were counted at all, which I
think is actually good. And for my
long-term testing, I will do more tests,
like also seeing if it counts any step
during cycling or indoor cycling. But
for now, a 1% deviation is not bad at
all. I would also be interested to hear
about your experiences. If you drive a
lot, for instance, do you get steps from
that? Now, while I was walking, the
Fitbit Air also recorded a workout
automatically, which is good. And of
course, if you forget it, you can still
log it afterwards, so it shouldn't be an
issue. And you can also add details
after the fact to the track workout.
Google even mentioned you could take a
photo of a log book or a whiteboard at
the gym and ask for the coach to update
the workout details. That could actually
be an interesting feature, though, of
course, I want to see how that works in
practice. I didn't have a good use case
yet, but my long-term testing will
include it. Now, Google actually warned
us that during the testing period, we
might encounter some data export issues,
if we connect multiple devices before
launch, but let's actually try that now
because I already collected all the data
I need. Actually, before starting
recording this video, right before I
connected this Pixel Watch to the same
account as my Google Fitbit Air. So,
let's start an exercise on both of
these. So that's an exercise on the same
account and then at the end of this
video check what that data looks like
when it has data from two sources. Okay.
So let's start a spinning exercise on
both devices. So this is a Pixel Watch
Generation 2 right here. Let's do the
same thing for the Google Fitbit Air.
But of course we have to start that from
the phone right here. There we go.
Spinning. Starting the workout. Now,
according to the Fitbit Air, I have a
heart rate of 82 and the Google Pixel
Watch 2 says 76. So, a slight
discrepancy, but of course, we'll do
that detailed testing. Now, we're
actually super close to the testing
results. But first, one important thing,
where are the metrics of the Fitbit Air
actually calculated? And with that, I
mean, Google says several of the
important metrics rely on cloud
processing. For instance, sleep stages
and your sleep score are calculated on
the cloud. So you need an internet
connection with a smaller ondevice model
used for the smart alarm. So if you're
using your smart alarm to wake up in a
certain sleep stage for instance, that's
a different model than the final sleep
stage tracking that you see in the app
and probably a worse model because they
had to make it quite small to fit on the
device itself. Now talking about
connections, heart rate broadcasting is
actually possible. Several of you asked
me whether the Fitbit Air broadcast your
heart rate. Now it probably just uses
Bluetooth as far as I understand. They
didn't specify if N plus is there as
well, but you can share your heart rate
with compatible equipment and apps,
similar to how it works for a Pixel
watch. Now, I'll put a list of available
equipment that's compatible right here.
But importantly, Google did mention that
Garmin and Techno Gym are currently not
compatible, and that's an important
limitation. If your setup depends on
pairing it directly to a Garmin device
or Techno Gym equipment, this might not
work at the moment. Now for Straa,
Google says that the integration has
been updated. Previously, Fibbit could
only share four GPS-based activity types
to Strava, rides, runs, walks, and
hikes. Now, Google says any activity
type with or without GPS can be synced
to Strava. However, importing exercises
that you logged in Straa into Google
Health is not currently supported. So,
again, a one-way connection. Google says
they are working with Straa to enable
more import options, but for now the
Strava integration sounds more like a
Google Health to Strava and not a full
way sync. Now, another question that
came up a lot, can you wear the Fitbit
Air on your upper arm or biceps even
with a third party band for instance?
Well, Google says they do not currently
officially support any non- wrist
placements, although they are
considering it for the future. So, if or
when a third-p partyy biceps band
appears, and I suspect they probably
will, it does not mean Google officially
supports that placement, and this could
matter for sort of data processing and
interpretation because optical heart
rate measurements are usually better on
the biceps. But if, for instance, the
sleep stage tracking is tuned for wrist
placement, you cannot automatically
assume the results will be better or
even valid for that. Now, I might still
experiment with this in the future, but
for my standard tests in this video, I
will only focus on the officially
supported wrist placements, unless I
ever mention that otherwise. Now, one
thing I'm pretty sure could be better on
the biceps than on the wrist is
measuring heart rate and heart rate
variability during the night. But let's
actually see how reliable the Fibbit Air
measured these last night on my wrist.
We will compare these values to the
beatto beat measurements from an ECG
chest trap and those results are plotted
right here. Now let's actually start
with the heart rate right here. So I
compare them against an ECG chest trap
and I use the Elite HRV app. So this is
heart rate according to the reference
along the horizontal axis and the Fitbit
Air along the vertical axis. And of
course we're working in a relatively
narrow range. throw from about 42 to
maybe right here 60 BPM. So really a
narrow range, but within that narrow
range, we get quite a good correlation
value right here. And only in the higher
heart rate range do we have a bit of
deviation, but it's super minor. If we
actually look at the values over the
night, so this is the time since I fell
asleep, and this is my heart rate, we
can see that the measurements according
to the reference in red and the Fibbit
Air and blue green overlap really well.
Yes, there are some minor deviations,
but this might even be because of
different definitions of how these
things are defined. So, this is super
reliable, very happy with this. But
let's next talk about HRV or heart rate
variability. Now, for heart rate
variability, Google says the Fitbit Air
uses RMSSD. basically the most common
heart rate variability metric and it's
calculated overnight using the beatto
beat intervals from that ppg sensor and
they only include good quality
measurements. Now you in the app will
actually only see a single value in the
morning. Let me actually show you what
that looks like. I cannot currently show
you what that looks like because we're
doing the workout. Well, Alex will now
make it magically appear here. So you
will see a single value in the morning
and you can see it in the vital section.
However, I was able to extract detailed
data over the night using the
programmatic API I have access to. So,
let's take a look at that. Again, we
have the reference here along the
horizontal axis and the raw exported
data from the Fibbit Air along the
vertical axis and they generally tend to
show the same patterns though my
calculations had higher HRV values in
the end than the Fibbit Air. Now, the
issue is here I don't know all the
details of the calculations that Fitbit
does. So, we can actually better look at
the heart rate variability over the
night and at least see if the patterns
are the same. And indeed, the patterns
are very similar over the night compared
to the red value, but they're not
identical. But this could be purely due
to the way that Fitbit calculates this
because I don't know the window that
they're using. All these kinds of things
are quite unclear to me. Overall, the
patterns seem very similar, so this will
be good enough for me. Now, I only
managed to do it for a single night so
far. My long-term review will show more,
but I do think both of these metrics, so
both the heart rate right here and the
heart rate variability are likely good
enough for most people, especially given
that these patterns are so similar. But
again, long-term testing will have to
show the details even more. But next,
what about notifications and haptics?
Well, the Fitbit Air is clearly not a
smartwatch replacement, and it buzzes
only for low battery alerts and user
configured alarms. It doesn't support
haptic notifications for calls, texts,
or app alerts. And according to Google,
there's no differences in this between
iOS and Android. Now, you can actually
also decide to turn off all alerts and
vibrations and even decide between a
high and low vibration. Now, in terms of
firmware updates, as far as I understand
it, Google says that the Fitbit device
will receive security updates for at
least 2 years after the last Fitbit Air
is officially sold. So, not 2 years from
the day you buy it, but 2 years after
the last device is officially sold. By
the way, about data privacy for the
Google Health Coach, Google says that
your chats are saved in your history
view and you can of course also download
everything probably via takeout. And
importantly, Google says that the coach
interactions are not used to train
models by default. Your data is only
used for training if you explicitly opt
in with a separate consent in the app.
But let's now get to what probably many
of you have been waiting for, one of the
most important tests, the heart rate
tracking during exercise. And this one
surprised me. So, let's take a look.
Now, as always, we'll compare the heart
rate tracking of the Fibbit Air to the
Polar H10 HG chest strap, which is one
of the most reliable ways of measuring
heart rate during exercise. And these
right here are the results for spinning.
So, indoor cycling with the reference
along the horizontal axis and the Fibbit
Air along the vertical axis. And if they
would perfectly agree, all values should
be on or close to this blue line. And
indeed almost all points are on or close
to blue line. So this looks really good
and it also has a really high
correlation at 0.99.
Now the correlation cannot be higher
than one. So 0.9 is actually really
good. So this was already a happy
surprise for me. But let's take a look
at some of the individual spinning
sessions that I did. And this first one
was actually the one where we saw the
most deviation which is still very
minor. So some minor deviation here in
the beginning. Maybe my body was still
warming up. But then the other example
spinning sessions just look really good.
Almost perfect agreement for this one
right here. And that appears to be the
only other example I included. But we
can actually compare this performance to
that of many other devices out there.
And that's shown in this overview right
here where the further to the top right
the devices, the better is its agreement
with the reference device. So we're
basing that on that correlation value.
And the Fitbit Air is right here. So
it's really among some of the middle to
middle high performers. We can actually
zoom into just some of the better
performing devices. So just those with a
correlation of 0.98 or higher. And of
course amongst these the Fibbit Air is
not amongst the absolute best devices.
But it's already doing good enough. Now
the absolute best devices include for
instance Pixel watches but also Apple
watches, some Huawei devices and for
instance the Amazed Helio strap worn on
the biceps. Now, this again shows you
that the biceps is potentially a better
location for heart rate tracking than
the wrist, but I'm happy enough with the
Fibbit Air. So, nothing to complain
about. But let's next take a look at the
results for running right here. So, a
similar overview. Again, we want those
points to be as close to the blue line
as possible. And luckily, almost all
points are close to blue line again also
here in the lower range. So, really
happy with that. Nothing to complain
about. Out of all example runs, I did
four runs in total. Only the first one
showed a little bit of deviation again.
So, some deviation right here, some
right here, but nothing major, honestly.
And these other runs, even with a break
in between, really showed good
agreement. And this is just really good.
Nothing to complain about. And again, we
can compare that correlation to much of
the competition outear where the best
ones are on the top right right here.
And now the Fitbit Air is among some of
the best devices actually very close to
the Amazefitit Helio strap also worn on
the wrist. Let's actually zoom in to
just the better performing devices. So
just those with a correlation of 0.95 or
higher. And here again it's not amongst
the absolute top performers but really
close together with the Amazed Helio
strap worn on the wrist. We do see again
that Apple watches and Pixel watches in
some Huawei devices seem to be doing
better. But overall, I'm just really
happy with the Fitbit Air so far. Let's
next take a look at a much harder
exercise for the Fitbit Air to track
biking outside. And I have to say these
were the worst results so far. But
before doing that, I quickly want to ask
for your support with this channel
because running this channel next to my
full-time job as a scientist is neither
easy or cheap. I pay my editor Alex, for
instance. I have a bunch of camera gear
and I've actually bought most of the
devices I've ever tested myself. So
overall, not a cheap endeavor. So if you
want to support, there's multiple simple
ways of doing that. Probably the easiest
ways by using my general Amazon
affiliate link before making any
purchase that doesn't cost you any
extra. But if that becomes your default
way of going to Amazon, you can even
bookmark it with Commander Control D. It
doesn't cost you any extra and each
purchase supports the channel. I also
have specific affiliate links that give
you the best discount possible. for
instance, to the Whoop strap, but you
can, of course, buy the Google Fitbit
Air on Amazon or to my favorite sleep
improvement device, the Hleep Pod. Any
of those would be greatly appreciated. I
also have YouTube memberships which give
you early access to some of my videos.
And of course, subscribing and liking
would be greatly appreciated. Thanks so
much for the support. But let's now get
back to the testing. And let's take a
look at the results for biking outside.
And these results are definitely not
terrible, but not as good as I was
hoping. So, we have a correlation of
0.93, which again isn't bad compared to
the competition, but definitely lower
than some of these other results we were
looking at before. So, we have some
points now, mostly below the blue line
and a few even above it, but mostly it's
sometimes detecting a two low heart
rate. But here I want to look at the
examples and I quickly went through them
before recording this and I saw some
were actually pretty decent like this
one right here with only a minor
deviation. Also this one I would be
super happy with just minor deviations.
But then there were one or two that
looked a bit more like this where we
definitely just start detecting a way to
low heart rate most of the time. So it
really missed all those peaks in my
heart rate and these were actually
detected as workouts. So it's not like I
was using the worst heart rate tracking
algorithm. It actually did detect this
as a workout. Now, some were somewhere
in between with a little bit of
deviation. Overall, still probably good
enough. I actually also did a somewhat
longer bike ride. And here you can see
that near the end, it didn't detect all
the details in my heart rate, but
overall, this would be good enough. But
let's again compare to the competition.
And in this case, the Fitbit Air
compared to the competition is actually
pretty good. Again, not amongst the
absolute best performers, but sort of
second tier. If we zoom in, we can see
that even better. So, these are just the
devices with a correlation of 0.9 or
higher. And we can see it's actually
doing about as well as the Amaze Helio
strap worn on the wrist, but not quite
as good as the Amazed Helio strap worn
on the biceps. So, this is some other
testing of the Amazed Helio strap on the
biceps. So, there's definitely some
distance between those. Again, Apple
watches, but also Pixel watches are
doing better than the Fivet Air. So,
there that better sensor of the Pixel
Watch would pay off. Now to close off
the standard testing, let's take a look
at the results for weightlifting. These
are displayed here. So let's call this
gym. And for gym, it's actually better
than I expected. But it does often
detected too low heart rate, indicating
that at least for some of the sets that
I did, it wasn't able to detect those
peaks in my heart rate because then
there's so much tension on your wrist
and that makes it hard to detect your
heart rate. You can see that for this
session right here, it wasn't able to
detect all my peaks in my heart rate.
Now, the second session I did wasn't
detected. So, we don't have that data.
But once I manually record it, of
course, it does detect it. And again, we
see that some peaks are not fully
detected. But it's also not terrible.
I'm actually quite okay with this kind
of performance. So, a bit of a mixed bag
between these two exercises. But let's
actually compare to the competition. And
if we compare it to all the devices I
tested over the last 365 days, we see
it's somewhere in the middle of all
devices. But interestingly, actually
very close in performance to these Pixel
watches right here. And if we compare to
the best devices, it's again Apple
watches, some Huawei devices, and also
the Amazed Helio strap one on the
biceps. That kind of thing doesn't seem
to change. These are just the best
overall and which is also why I would be
excited to have a biceps band for a
Fibbit Air. Now, to close off, I
actually want to look at another
exercise that I did that is not in my
normal testing, and that looked horrible
for some reason. So, I don't know what
happened. So, these are the results for
hiking. And I'm not sure what's going on
here with hiking because the results are
just way off. It really detected a wrong
heart rate right here. And we can
actually see that if we look at the
heart rate tracking over time. For a
while here, it was okay. And also
potentially here, but then here it just
shot up my heart rate or the detected
heart rate to
170 or so BPM while I was descending or
even on the flats. and I had a heart
rate of maybe 80 or so. So, it basically
detected close to double my heart rate.
So, maybe it was just poorly positioned.
I don't know what was happening here.
This is really an outlier in my case.
So, I wouldn't take this as a totally
bad sign. I'm just surprised that this
happened. So, for all my regular cardio
exercises, which I tested extensively,
the Fibbit Air did an amazing job. Now,
I'm not too sure what happened during
that one hike because it's just weird.
However, for all the other testing, it
performed really well, especially for
the price. Let's actually get our
scoreboard out. Now, the overall heart
rate score in this case is 96.5 or
rounded to 97, which is the average
correlation over the three cardio
exercises times 100. And a score of 97
gives the Fitbit Air an overall rating
of great, which is honestly pretty
amazing for such a cheap device with a
quite old sensor. And this makes me even
more curious to see what this device can
do with a biceps band, but that's for a
future video. Let's now take a look at
the performance of the Fitbit Air in
terms of sleep stage tracking. Google
recently updated their sleep stage
tracking, and I already showed that my
testing hints at a slight improvement in
performance when testing it on the Pixel
Watch. But will we get similar great
results with the older sensor of the
Fibbit Air? Well, let's have a look. And
those results are displayed right here
with the reference device on top and the
sleep stages according to the Fibbit Air
on the left right here. And
specifically, I want to focus on deep
sleep, light sleep, and RAM sleep. Now,
my reference device is the Zmax EG
headband, which is specifically designed
for sleep stage tracking and can
actually measure my brain waves. It's
sort of the silver standard, not
perfect, but good enough for this type
of testing in my opinion. First of all,
we see that deep sleep agreement is
really good at about an 87% agreement.
Light sleep agreement is also good at
about an 80% agreement and RAM sleep
agreement is the worst out of all of
them, but still pretty good at 72%. Now,
these values would be perfect if they
were 100%. But this is already some of
the best performance I've ever seen out
of any device. But we can actually
compare to the competition to show you
that. But before doing that, let's
quickly take a look at an example night.
So this is two nights ago, I believe,
with the reference device here on top
and the air here on the bottom. And
again, we want to see similar hypnogog.
So we have the sleep stages here along
the vertical axis and the time along the
horizontal axis. And for deep sleep, we
see a really nice agreement, almost
perfect for this first segment, but then
the Fibbit Air detected a bit of extra
deep sleep that wasn't detected by the
reference, but still pretty good. And
then for Ramsle which I marked in red
right here, we also see that this
segment placement agrees almost
perfectly. So we have 1 2 3 four main
segments I would say with some weirdness
in between. And all these four main
segments were also detected by the
Fibbit Air. But this one was a bit
shifted. Otherwise, it's actually
looking really good. But like I said,
let's now compare the performance of the
Fibbit Air to the Competition, which is
displayed right here, with the average
sensitivity over those three sleep
stages along the horizontal axis right
here, and the worst sensitivity along
the vertical axis. So, I take the worst
out of those three because I want it to
be good at every sleep stage. That means
that the further to the top right the
device is, the better is its agreement
with the reference. And the Fitbit Air
is really amongst the top performers and
super close also to my testing of the
Pixel Watch with the new algorithm. And
this indeed seems to be a bit better
than the old algorithm which are these
two green dots right here. Whereas these
two dots are the new algorithm. So
overall really good performance and
they're really amongst the top five
brands out there. So the top five brands
in my testing and also in some
scientific literature are Google/Fitbit
which we're testing here. Then also the
Apple Watch, the Whoop Strap, the Aura
Ring right here, and then finally the
Hleep Pod. And I can recommend any of
these devices for tracking your sleep
stages. They won't be perfect, but they
will be the best options out there. And
in this case, the Fitbit Air is the
cheapest by far. So really a good
option, and you don't need the premium
subscription to get that sleep stage
tracking. Now, if you have a lot more
money to spend and also want sleep
improvement, I recommend the Aleppod.
It's my favorite sleep improvement
device. I sleep a lot better because of
it. I wouldn't buy it just for the sleep
stage tracking. Now, it's not a device
that you wear. It actually goes around
your mattress and it also includes a
blanket if you want. And those can be
cooled and heated on each side
independently. And that's my main
struggle staying at the good
temperature, especially in the summer.
So, for me, this has been a godsend. And
my partners can always set their
temperature a bit higher because I like
to sleep cool. You might want to try it
out before actually buying it and then
get the best discount possible. then you
can use my affiliate link up here or
down here and you'll be supporting the
channel in that way. But let's get back
to the data. The Fibbit Air seems to be
an amazing sleep stage tracker for the
price and in general actually. So I'm
really happy with that and I can really
recommend it. Now, this is an initial
test over just a few nights that I've
had it, and I had to exclude some
nights, unfortunately, because for my
reference device, the battery was
swelling, so the data quality was not so
good for a few nights. But overall,
since this improved performance of the
Fibbit algorithm is replicable over two
devices, I'm pretty confident it's a
solid algorithm. So, again, to
summarize, great performance for the
Fibbit Air also for sleep stage
tracking. It's really solidly part of
the top five brands. That again also
confirms that the algorithms matter more
than the sensors for the sleep stages
since the cheap Fitbit Air performed
more or less identically to the much
more expensive Pixel Watch 4 with newer
and better hardware in the Pixel Watch
4. But of course, we have our scoring
chart right here. So if we look at the
sleep stage tracking the average
sensitivity was about 80% which means a
score of 80 which falls into the
category of great sleep stage tracking.
So that's the average over these three
stages right here. So really happy with
that and a natural comparison to the
Fitbit Air would of course be to the
Whoop strap which is another screenless
device with good sleep stage tracking.
Now, I can't really go into a lot of
detail here because this video is
already super long and it really
requires a dedicated video, but I do
want to highlight a few key differences.
To speak against the Fibbit Air is that
it has a battery life of 7 days, whereas
the Whoop Strap has roughly double that
at 14 days, and this more or less
matches my experience. However, battery
life would for many people not be the
deciding factor. One important
difference that speaks for the Fivet Air
is of course the price difference. If
you just want basic metrics, the basic
Whoop model is $199
a year, whereas the Fibbit Air is just
$99 one time. Now, you can probably get
a Whoop a bit cheaper if you buy during
Black Friday, but it's still more
expensive. Things get more complicated
if you want premium features for both
because that involves getting Google
Health Premium at a 100 bucks a year on
top. Whereas for Whoop, I'd probably
recommend Whoop Peak in that case, which
is 239 bucks a year. And of course, then
the device is free or included. So if
you expect a lifespan of just 2 years
for your devices, which I don't
recommend, in that case, they're not
that far off. Though, even in that case,
the Fitbit is still cheaper. But
ignoring the price and battery life and
just looking at the features and what
they can do and how they perform, I do
think that the Fibbit Air and the Whoop
strap appeal to different audiences.
That's not to say I don't think some
people will switch now from Whoop to
Fibbit Air because it just wasn't
available before. But I do think there
are quite some advantages to Whoop over
the Fibbit Air. And at the moment, if
money is not object, I still prefer the
Whoop app over the Google Health Coach.
Now, this is somewhat personal, but I do
think that the textual part, so the
amount of text shown on the screen for
the Google Health app is just a bit too
dominant, and I personally respond
better to graphs and numbers always
being front and center. I would like
more data up front and only if I click
on something or expand something, then I
get more text explaining things. For me,
at the moment, the home screen is just
too filled with data. Also, the coach is
nice, but I realized when trying to talk
about the coach, about my marathon plans
that probably specific tasks like a
training plan for a marathon are better
suited by a specialized model and app.
And this sort of more generalized AI
still makes too many mistakes or weird
decisions that don't really fit a proper
marathon plan. I think we will get there
over time, but I think the technology is
just not quite there yet. Though, it's
better than nothing. I'm not saying it's
not useful. I'm just saying there are
better options. Now, of course, I like
RA, but there's also other alternatives
out there. So, keep all of this in mind.
Overall though, I would say if you stick
with the basic app without the coach,
the Google Health app plus Air is an
amazing deal and an instant
recommendation. Only if you want to go
to that bit more of a higher level and
you're a sort of serious amateur
athlete, you might benefit from Whoop in
my opinion. and I would choose it still
at the moment over Fivid Air if price is
not an option. But more on that in a
dedicated video just looking at the
overall performance of the Fivet Air. It
did an amazing job. Let's actually
summarize those scores again. So the
heart rate score was 97 which classifies
it as great heart rate tracking. The
sleep score was 80 which also classifies
it as a great sleep stage tracker.
overall just topnotch performance in my
testing. Now, before closing off, let's
actually take a look at those two
exercises we started on both the Pixel
Watch and the Fitbit Air and see if we
can find out which data was contributed
and if they somehow conflict with each
other. So, let's stop the exercise and
workout. Save.
It tracked on my Pixel Watch 2, did it
not?
Okay, I cannot change the priority. And
it seems like it tracked it on the Pixel
Watch 2 in both cases, which would be
weird. Okay, now it's classified as
spinning. Before it was just activity.
It's 43 minutes. Can I somehow say the
source? Okay, the source was the optical
heart rate sensor of my wearable device.
Um, that doesn't really help. It just
pushed it just grabbed it from the
internet. Okay. I think this feature
must not yet be available on the current
version of the pre-release app. So,
something else to include in my future
long-term review. I also again ask
Google about this, but for now, this
doesn't seem to work or just for some
reason still always prioritizes the
watch over the band. So, I'll have to
remove the watch from the app again to
make sure that all my long-term testing
is correct as well. So, also stay tuned
for that video. But this was already
quite in-depth testing. So, if you did
enjoy it and you do decide to get
yourself a Fibbit Air, you want to
support the channel, use my Amazon
affiliate link down below, which doesn't
cost you any extra. or if you decide to
try another device like for instance a
Whoop strap, an Aura Ring, or my
favorite sleep improvement device, the
HD Pod, you want the best discount
possible and support the channel,
there's also other affiliate links down
below. Or if you buy anything at all on
Amazon for that matter, even something
as small as toilet paper or coffee
beans, using my general Amazon affiliate
link also helps a bunch. Thanks so much.
Now, given that you watched this video
on the Google Fitbit Air, I think you
will like this video on the Whoopstrap
or this video on the HLE pod.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sryp2OOn9Xk
So, this here is a brand new Fitbit Air,
a device I've been putting side by side
with the Whoop Strap over the last
little while, putting it through its
paces across swimming and biking and
running and plenty more. But not just
me, also my wife. And most notably,
we're on two separate accounts. Her with
a free account and me with a premium
account to see what the differences in
those two experiences are. In this
video, I'm going to dive through the
experiences from both of us over the
last few weeks in running and cycling at
all these different sports as well as
just general life wearing this band and
how it compares here and there to the
loop band. But the thing is, those
aren't the only two screen that bands
have been wearing. I've also got the
Polar Loop up here on the bicep band as
well as the Amaze Fit Helio on a bicep
band as well. I'm going to have a whole
separate video comparing these four
devices side by side. So, definitely
whack that subscribe button at the
bottom there so you'll see that video
the moment it comes out. In this video,
I want to focus on kind of like three
core aspects. One, the actual hardware
itself of the Fitbit Air. Everything
from accuracy to wearability to all
sorts of durability, all that kind of
fun stuff. Then from there, we're going
to dive into the app with my real world
data. I'm going to walk through that
because the new Google Health app, which
used to be the Fitbit app, is the core
of this experience. Given this is a
screenless device, that means there's no
screen on this. Everything depends on
this app. Both the good and the bad. I'm
going to walk through. Then from there,
we're going to talk about the accuracy.
And I promise you, this is important
because at the end of the day, this is
just simply a heart rate monitor with
some other sensors on it. And if the
heart rate piece isn't accurate on this
or any of these other devices, it is
totally useless because that's the whole
reason you're wearing it or even
watching this video to be to track that
day-to-day data, whether it be for
workouts or life, for health, whatever
it may be. And that needs to be
accurate. So, we're going to dive into
all that. So, with that, let's just
simply get into the box itself. Now, the
unit costs 99 bucks, but you of course
probably know that there are basically
three different band types. The
performance band, the active band, and
the elevated band. Both myself and my
wife have been wearing the performance
bands. Now, back to the box itself.
Inside of that, you've got the charging
cable there, as well as the pebble. The
pebble is the piece inside of the band.
So, if I were to take this band off
right now, you'll see inside of it is
this little puck right there, this paw.
This is called the Pebble. Bit of an ode
to Fitbit acquiring Pebble, a smartwatch
company from years and years ago. This
little pod here then slides into the
band just like that. Snaps in there.
Nice and secure. I've had no problems.
I've beat the crap out of this. I've
done all sorts of crazy activities. No
issues. It's solidly in there. And then
you simply put it on your wrist like
this. Push it down nice and tight. Fold
it over and then velcro it in. Now, as
of right now, only Google has bands. I
would expect within a few weeks, we're
going to see that change. And you'll see
a gazillion knockoff fans on Amazon from
all different styles. Now, back to that
unboxing bits. There is some paper junk
in there. And of course, there is that
charging cable I mentioned earlier on.
Uh they claim 5 minutes of charging will
get you one day. That seemed pretty
accurate in my testing. And then from
there, they claim 7 days of battery
life, which also held true. Now, when it
comes to size comparison, here's a
simple size comparison between the
different bands out there. Uh you can
see them on the table right here, and
you can see them on my wrist, and then
just a second my wife's wrist. I put the
size of my wrist right there on the
screen so you can kind of compare to
your own size and then my wife's wrist
as well and her wrist size there too. In
terms of wearability like day in and day
out, this is definitely nice to wear. It
is super lightweight. Here's the weights
on the screen by the way since I didn't
mention that yet. Uh so you can see very
very lightweight compared to the
competitors there. The only slight
downside is the Velcro aspect of this
particular band, the performance band. I
could see some longer clothing it might
get caught up in that. Given it's
summer, it hasn't really been an issue
for me right now, but maybe in the
winter it might be. Finally, as I just
noted, I'm in the water all the time.
This thing is water resistant down to 50
meters. I've brought it down to 10
meters without any issues at all. You
can see it right here on both of our
wrists underwater uh repeatedly, and
I've done this many, many days in a row.
The last thing to know about the
physical aspect of this device is it has
a vibration motor uh for alarms. We'll
talk about that during the sleep
section. And it has a tiny little LED
that you will never ever use. It's only
there for like battery pairing status
type stuff. It's not there for any other
function. Instead, everything is handled
through the smartphone app. So, what I
want to do is walk through on one of
these two sides right here my app, my
entire live day today, my real world
data from now and the last few weeks, so
you get a feel what you're working with.
This here is the Fitbit app. This is the
premium edition. I will show you side by
side in various sections of this review
what it looks like in the free side of
things. But this is your homepage, your
home dashboard. At the top right there,
you've got your weekly cardio goal.
That's basically a goal that's
everchanging dynamically. It figures it
out for you automatically. Somewhat
based on your goals and somewhat based
on what you're doing. And then you have
these little metrics up there. You can
go ahead and change those metrics as
well. I can swipe to the right uh and I
can see more metrics. I can customize
those using that little pencil and add
or remove metrics. My main complaint
here is that there's just not that many
metrics to add or remove from this list.
There should be like a gazillion options
in there. I should be able to have
cycling distance and running distance
and strength time and all the different
things. There's some of those, but
there's no like HRV data, for example.
This should be way more customizable.
The other complaint most people have is
that this is basically like just only a
small portion of my page, especially in
the default page. The rest of it is all
the AI bits down below here, the
summaries, if you will, in the bottom
half of that pane. That is all going to
be mostly AI stuff if on premium and
otherwise very basic summaries if not on
premium. Here's an example side by side
of my screen and my wife's screen. Uh,
basically as of like 10 minutes ago, you
can see in her case, we both went out
for the same mountain bike ride earlier
today. It was more like a GoPro footage
ride because my GoPro review also just
dropped there. Getting some final shots
for that. Not super long in distance,
more of a time kind of thing. But you
can see in her case with the free
account, it just simply says there's the
activity versus in my case, I've got now
at many hours later, a bit of like a
summary of the day. And then before
that, if I go down to the actual ride
itself, it says my longest ride on
record. I don't think that's correct, by
the way. I'm pretty sure I have much
longer rides in my Fitbit account from
last fall and other times uh over the
last many many years I've had a Fitbit.
But yeah, AI. Anyways, back up to the
main data portion. When it comes to the
data between a free account and a
premium account, they are identical. You
get all the same data, all the same
steps and workout data and all that kind
of stuff. The core difference at the end
of the day is you do not get AI
snippets. All this text talk-talkie
stuff doesn't happen on a free account
and you don't get really any analysis of
that data from a talkie-talkie
standpoint, which I know sounds silly
because there's a lot of people with the
premium that would love for all this
tech stuff to go away. And if you don't
pay anything, you can make it go away
instantly. Um, so any case, going down
from there, this is chronological on my
day. So right now here at 9:00 8:31
there was this AI update basically
looking at my day telling me some things
and saying it's still processing my
evening rosé and queso and this is the
thing about AI. So, back like nine, 10
days ago now, uh, after a long Saturday
of workouts and all sorts of stuff, I
basically took a picture using the meal
logging option, if you will, and then
also asked her a question, all within a
60-cond span, whether or not this bowl
of chips and uh, basically nacho cheese
sauce as well as a glass or two of rosé
wine would be an appropriate recovery
uh, meal. I was obviously being
sarcastic. Uh, it didn't think so. It
thought I was being serious. And Google
never forgets. every single night since
then. Here's all the screenshots. It has
basically told me my arose and uh queso
experience and it's assumed I'm doing
that. I have not told it one way or the
other since then. Now, I could of course
tell it to stop asking about this, but
this is like the awkward friend that
keeps bringing up the same joke over and
over that stop being funny many many
years ago, but that's their only joke
they go to. It's the same thing here.
And it just latches on to these things
all the time. And there's just so many
example of latching on to things that
aren't correct. Anyways, down from
there, we've got my mountain bike ride,
gravel ride, whatever you want to call
it that we did earlier today, myself, my
wife. You can see summarizing this, the
bit down there where the here are the
details. That's the actual ride itself.
And we'll get into the sports bit in
just a second. Anyways, from there,
we've got my morning wake up bits. You
can see it's summary of my sleep stats.
And I can go down from there and see my
actual sleep stats if I want to tap on
them. So, sleep duration 6 hours 22
minutes. I my resting heart rate, my
heart rate variability. If I tap on
sleep duration, you'll then see my full
set of sleep stats for the night. So,
sleep phase detection, all that kind of
stuff. Again, this is identical to the
past. One of the bugs though that I'll
talk about later on is things like sleep
quality. There's a bug here where it
just keeps on disappearing. I have to
log back out and log back in. They
recorded my sleep quality just fine. It
just doesn't show up right now there.
But again, don't skip the part on bugs
later on in the video. Anyways, from
there I can go back and see last nights
and I can see yesterday's and so on.
It's just a chronological feed just like
most social media apps. That's all on
the today page right there. If you're in
free, again, you're not going to see any
of this talkie-talkie stuff. You're just
going to see like just the facts, right?
You're going to see here's how much you
slept. Here's how long that workout is.
That's it. I feel like this is an area
whether you're on free or premium where
I just want more data here. Like I don't
understand why the only data I have is
this top tiny little bit there. I want
to be able to customize this to my
preferences and have more dashboardy
stuff like the previous Fitbit app or
frankly any other fitness app on the
market today. Now, with that said, let
me just briefly talk a little bit more
about sleep health status and then we're
going to dive into workouts. So, if I
tap on that sleep tab right there,
you'll see my evening habits and deep
sleep. I'm going to log out real quick
so you can see my sleep score. This is
annoying, but I'm going to do it. Sign
out. Sign in. And yay, sleep score is
back. This is a bug. a Fitbit knows it's
a bug, but it's again one of many little
bugs um that I'll talk about later on in
the video that just seem to be like
everywhere. Um so anyways, this is the
talkie-talkie part up here at the top.
Here is my wife's one to see what that
looks like in the free account. Then
you've got your sleep score, your sleep
duration. Then you have more kind of
analysis of my sleep last night. You
have the sleep phases and stages like
you saw earlier. And then you've got
alarms. This is where I can set alarms.
I can tap that manage alarms there. I
can add new alarms. I can have up to
eight manually saved alarms in there.
And you can see when I add a new alarm,
I can set the time. I can set a smart
wake up, so within a basically a 30
minute range. I can choose the days I
want. And I can have the snoozeer up to
9 minutes. All pretty straightforward. I
had no problems with this waking me up
out of my sleep, but of course, everyone
will be different. There is no audio
here. It is purely just a vibration
alarm on the wristband. And then
finally, below that, you've got there's
key metrics um around deep sleep and so
on. And then some sleep, better
relaxation stuff that you can do as
well. Finally, to the right, there is
the health status tab. Again, here's my
wife's. This page is exactly the same
whether you're in free or premium. You
have your vitals at the top, very
similar to what you'd see on Whoop or
otherwise. You can see basically
breathing rate, uh, SPO2 or blood
oxygen, your resting heart rate, HRV,
and skin temperature variation. For the
most part, these metrics have been the
same with my other devices. They've all
pretty much identical across the board.
The one variance was actually heart rate
variability on that one red dot there.
Fitbit just like lowballed it at night
down in the 30s. everyone else was in
the 50s plus or minus 5 milliseconds.
So, not sure what happened there, but
that was really the only time it was
off. Back from there, if I go to key
metrics, I can customize these and
basically just trend these over time.
From there, I can also have focus areas
that I want to track in more depth. And
then below that, I can do health checks.
So, I can set up, for example, AIB
detection right there, a regular rhythm.
Um, you cannot do a manual ECG on this
device. So you can do aphib detection in
the background uh which will basically
detect a event and then notify you and
you can see all the data and send it on
to your doctor but you can't like
manually hold this and do an ECG on the
fly. That aphib detection is though FDA
certified. So with that we've kind of
covered like all the nonworkout bits.
Now let's dive into that by tapping the
fitness tab. Now here at the top again
you're gonna see the talkie-talkie part.
Here's my wife to see what that looks
like and then a bunch of different
things that I've told Google coach that
I want to focus on. In my case, a
marathon later on this fall. This past
winter, it was a trail running ultra
race that I did. You can adjust this
whatever you want. You can always tap
this little bit right there and tell it
what you want to change. You can say,
"Hey, I don't want to do a marathon
anymore. I want to do a triathlon." And
it's going to automatically generate
plans for you to cover whatever you want
to. And it's pretty cool. It does this
really, really well. Um, there's a
couple different ways you're going to
start a workout. The first bit is to
simply just go do the workout. Again,
there's no buttons on this at all. You
just go off and run or ride or do
whatever you want to and it's going to
automatically try to detect that and
then put it into your feed. That's
called an autodetected workout. Now,
this is one area that Fitbit is way,
way, way behind Whoop. Whoop has a
gazillion auto detect workout types.
Here's a list somewhere on the screen.
Fitbit has like five, right? Basically,
like running, walking, uh, cycling, and
that's that's pretty much it. Not many
at all. Now, Fitbit says they're going
to add a lot more over time, so stay
tuned there. But for now, that's
missing. Instead, it's basically going
to pop up and say, "Hey, something
happened here. What do you want to
categorize that as?" Now, when it comes
to the auto detect algorithm and how
accurate that is, in other words, did it
start at the time I said it started?
Depends on the activity. For me, for
running, it was spot on. Like within a
minute, it was exactly the same. It did
a really good job there. Probably
because the signals for running are
very, very clear. Like, it's obvious
from an accelerometer gyro standpoint,
but it picked that up. versus cycling
for me depended on honestly the bike and
the train and things like that. For my
daily commute, I actually started
downhill for the first like five minutes
or so and it really struggled to pick up
that downhill bit because there wasn't a
ton of pedaling on that, especially on
an ebike like this. But then once I got
it going, it was fine. Versus I went the
other way into the mountains, it picked
it up within a minute or so and was good
to go. You can always adjust the times
later on because it's always recording
the heart rate behind the scenes. So the
data is still there. It just may not be
adjusted accordingly. The thing is with
all auto tech workouts, you don't get
any GPS map at all. For that, you're
going to manually start a workout. And
there's a couple different ways you can
do that. At the top here, you can see
the start button. So, I can tap this
right there. And then I can choose the
particular type of workout I want on the
list right there. So, I could say, for
example, bike. I tap that. It's going to
give me a countdown. And then it shows
me the data stats that you see right
there. That's the only data stats you
see. Now, the advantage of doing it that
way is I'll get a map like this at the
end of my activity showing me all my
wanderings, right? Right. And so I can
see map there. It then syncs to Strava
or other platforms I've synced to this.
And I can scroll down and see the effort
and so on. My heart rate zones, time in
each zone, elevation. Another bug there
with that zero meters elevation gain. It
shows the correct elevation plot. The
data isn't coming from the band, but
from your phone, just like the GPS data
is coming from your phone and not the
band. Of course, manual tracked
activities aren't just for outdoor
stuff. They could be from indoor things.
For example, yoga or other activities
that may not have a very like sharp,
clear, aerobic start and end. It's handy
to do a manual activity so you get those
times right. Now, as you go about your
day from a workout standpoint as well as
non-workouts, that's adding to your
cardio load or basically your high heart
rate times during the day. Keeping in
mind, this thing is always recording
your heart rate. So whether you're
gardening or whether you're doing a hard
run, it's all cardio load. You can tap
on your weekly cardio right there. You
can see Monday, Tuesday, and so on. I
have basically 168% of my target for the
week. Again, you can customize that
target how you see fit. You can see the
different uh basically top workouts that
week. So a bike, a run, stationary bike
and so on adding to that particular
target. I appreciate the way Fitbit does
their cardio load here. It is super
logical and it makes a lot of sense
compared to Whoop system of strain. It's
caps and all that kind of stuff has
never made a lot of sense to most
exercise physiologists that have been
doing training load and recovery for
decades. It just doesn't line up in real
life. Now one of the counterbalances to
the cardio load is your readiness. This
is kind of like Whoop's recovery score
but again more logical. So here this
readiness score is going to pull in your
HRV, your recent sleep and your resting
heart rate. And now of course this is
all going to be dependent on your cardio
load that you were generating in terms
of how these things react. Finally, one
thing I want to mention here is you can
go ahead and broadcast your heart rate.
So I can choose the Fitbit Air. I can
choose share heart rate and then I can
basically select on different types of
equipment to see my heart rate. So this
is useful if you have a Pelaton bike for
example and certain other types of
equipment to be able to basically use
this as a heart rate monitor to that
particular device. That said, they're
not following any standards here. So,
they have to do these relationships to
every single vendor individually. The
whole thing just sucks. I don't
understand why Versus Whoop just follows
the Bluetooth standards, the Bluetooth
specs, and it syncs up to everyone else
just like Garmin does and Amazefitit
does. Like Fitbit and Google have way
overthought this, and the whole
experience simply sucks. So, with that
heart rate segue, let's talk about heart
rate accuracy, and then we'll get into
bugs and wrap things up. I'm going to go
through a couple different workouts here
just to show you how things are. Keeping
in mind that I did a boatload of
workouts. So, I'm just kind of picking
things that are roughly representative
both good and bad of where things stood.
The first one I want to mention right
here is a very chill 25minut run that I
did just to show how things can go from
like great to bad very very quickly. You
can see here in these yellow sections,
that's where things fell apart entirely.
I mean, we're talking like 25 beats per
minute high, which is way high. It's
going to tell basically Fitbit that run
was really hard when you can see all the
other devices showed it was quite chill.
Next, we've got this run that I did with
my wife. This was an interval run.
There's theoretically four separate
intervals here that you can see. And you
can see again it really struggled on
this uh well quite a bit of the time.
What's ironic though is that on this
next run I did here, this is a
relatively challenging trail run. Lots
of ups and downs, steep things that lots
of different reasons variability wise
can make it more challenging for a band
like this to track. and it nailed it.
Like zero problems. It was pretty good
across the board. A couple minor fumbles
there, but you can also see some fumbles
from the Whoop strap as well in
different places and sometimes the same
place. Overall, very good job on this
particular kind of challenging trail
run. Next, if we look at an indoor cycle
ride here, you can see this one was
spot-on across the board. A couple minor
errors here and there later on, but Woot
made bigger errors towards the end than
the Fitbit did. Don't understand why,
but overall pretty good. Yet, a few days
earlier, you can see on this other
indoor trainer ride, it struggled a bit
more, especially in the beginning during
the warm-up phase, and then once warmed
up, it did better later on. One of the
things to understand about this band,
and all optical heart rate sensors for
that matter, is the fact that because
this is so thin here, light leakage can
come from the side like this, and when
light gets in the side, it'll basically
cause any optical heart rate sensor to
struggle. So, I know because this is my
job to wear my band super tight so it's
nice and snug and get really good
results. A lot of people might not
understand that. That's one of the
benefits with Whoop, for example, and
other bands that are wider is that
there's much more room there on the
sides right here on over this side and
this side to basically cover up that
light leakage coming in. That said, when
I went outside on this almost 2-hour
ride up into the mountains, road
cycling, one of the hardest activities
for optical heart rate sensors to track
on the wrist in particular, they were
very, very close. You can see though a
couple moments where the Fitbit
struggled going down descents. Uh, so
basically low heart rate, descending,
lots of vibrations like this, and it
wasn't quite correct there, and the
Whoop did a better job there. But of
course, inversely, if you look on this
graph, there's also numerous spots where
the Whoop is incorrect as well. That
said, both of them actually did fairly
well from outdoor cycling standpoint.
Finally, last but not least, from an
accuracy standpoint, we have strength
training here. Focus mostly on upper
body. Overall, things did pretty well
here across the board. Ultimately, when
it comes to heart rate accuracy side of
things, it's been kind of hit or miss.
Sometimes it's really good, like 80 90%
of the time it's really good, but then
sometimes there's some solid fail boats.
Next, as we near the finish here, we
have to talk about some bugs. Generally
speaking, when it comes to my reviews,
if I have a dedicated section on bugs,
it's probably not great from the bug
scene, versus other reviews, I'll like
weave it in and out here and there. And
when it comes to the Fitbit device, it
hasn't been so much the device itself,
but rather the app experience has been
really, really challenging. There's been
a ton of bugs. And for every one of
those bugs, Fitbit has basically an
answer where it's either already been
fixed or coming shortly or in the next
firmware. They even sent out a person
here to my island to go for a run with
me to see my bugs and troubleshoot my
bugs. They're doing a good job at fixing
bugs very astonishingly quickly, but
they still exist and it feels like this
device is really like 30, if not 60 days
away from being ready. By and large,
nothing has been like solidly
dealreaker, but there's definitely a lot
of frustrating moments. Again, Fitbit
says they know the issues. are working
through them, but they're not yet fixed
today. Now, before we start off a
summary here, just to recap the
difference between free and premium, it
all comes down to whether or not you get
those AI snippets of text or not, as
well as the Fitbit coaching experience,
being able to tell it what your goals
are, your plans are, and have it give
you guidance back. None of that exists
on free. Yet, inversely, every bit of
data otherwise exists on the free side.
All the metrics, all the data, all that
stuff is all there. It's just you don't
have the talkie-talkie part for better
or worse. Okay, so then let's summarize
things and where we are. Now, keeping in
mind this is 99 bucks, which is
astonishing for what it is. Starting
off, even like in a free account layer,
for 99 bucks, this is a great piece of
hardware. It works super well. The
battery hits it there. I like the form
factor. All that stuff is good. I have
some quibbles with the heart rate
accuracy during workouts, some workouts,
not all workouts. I think unless you're
a super hardcore athlete, you probably
won't notice or care too much about the
differences. If you're more on the
hardcore side, probably more like me,
you might be more annoyed by some of
those accuracy issues. I suspect we're
going to see Fitbit continue to tinker
with some of the algorithms there. I
think I'm already seeing it, to be
honest, in the post-processing of data
where some of the earlier workouts I did
were more problematic than some of my
later ones, but it's hard to know
exactly. From there, we get into the app
side of things. If you're on a free
account, then all the AI stuff goes
away. And better or worse, all those the
problems things like that also go away
and it's there and kind of basic. I
think Fitbit really needs to tweak that
app experience to be more datacentric,
especially for free accounts. I know
they're trying to upsell the premium
side, but even as a premium user, I
still want less talk-alkie and more
data. That's just my preference and
that's how frankly every other fitness
app is on the planet. I'm not sure that
Fitbit needed to reinvent the wheel here
and have half or twothirds of that page
be text versus just the data people are
looking for. Nonetheless, from an AI
insight standpoint, while it does do
some like kind of weird drunk uncle
stuff around like the queso and rosé
sort of stuff, there's a lot of very
very valid insights in there and a lot
of things that if you're not super
familiar with training or recovery are
very valid and does a really good job at
that having it being totally AI first
for again better or worse. Of course,
one of the challenges when you're
talking about Google is Google. As of
right now, as part of the terms of their
acquisition of Fitbit, they've committed
for basically another 3 years or so that
your data is not going to be used for
advertising purposes. Beyond that, they
haven't made much commitment. And three
years will go by like this. And if we've
learned anything about big tech through
various courtroom and congressional and
other government hearings over the last
few years is that they more or less
ignore what they're saying and do
whatever they want. And ultimately, you
have to decide which big tech company
you trust the most or is the least sucky
of those options or whether or not you
care about the repercussions of the data
that you give them. And that's a
decision you have to make. I can't make
that for you and no one else can either.
So then setting aside that aspect,
looking purely at the tech and value and
all that kind of fun stuff, this device
is pretty darn hard to beat. I'd say for
the vast majority of people, this makes
way more sense than Whoop does,
especially given the price is less than
half for the first year and then it
costs nothing after that versus Whoop
costs essentially hundreds of dollars
per year at a minimum and it goes on
forever. I would argue that the Fitbit
era has single-handedly sunk Whoop's
planned IPO later on this year to go
public on the stock market. I just can't
imagine there's any investor that's
looking at that financial situation
going forward and saying, "Yeah, this is
going to work out long term for them."
But as we know, Silicon Valley people
invest in questionable things all the
time. So, see how that works out. If
you're looking for a full comparison
between not just these two, but also the
Amazefitit as well as the Polar there,
I'll have a full video on that coming up
the next few days. With that, thanks for
watching.