https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fF_Gk9v7GNU
The Fitbit Air is deceptively simple. It
is a screen-free band that tracks your
workout, your steps, your sleep, all
behind the scenes without you having to
do anything. It is $99 with an optional
subscription, but it's not really about
the hardware. It is all about the
software and the AI layout that is
helping you interpret all of this data
behind the scenes. So, if you don't know
it by now, the Fitbit Air is compatible
with Android and iOS. I've been testing
across both ecosystems and I can say
that the experience is almost identical.
The exception to this is if you pair the
Fitbit Air with an Android device and
you're also using it with a Pixel Watch.
Now, that will only work if you are on
Android because the Pixel Watch is not
compatible with iOS. If you're new to my
channel, my name is Lexi and I make
videos testing tech in the real world as
you can see. So, if you like that,
please feel free to subscribe. The
Fitbit Air itself is actually this
really small tracker and it snaps in and
out to different bands. I was sent the
performance loop in both the standard
finish. This is the berry color and I
also have the Stephen Curry limited
edition as well. The difference between
those two bands is that the Stephen
Curry version has a little bit of I
guess extra grip on the inside and the
band itself is more water resistant than
the regular Berry version that I've got.
The two that I have been wearing have
been incredibly comfortable in
comparison to other wearables that
you're probably thinking of in this
particular screenfree category. In
particular, the Whoop and the Amaze Fit
Helio Strap, which are two that I've
also tested and reviewed. You can check
those out on my channel as well. The
Fitbit Air is leaps and bounds more
comfortable to wear during workouts and
especially for sleep. There's been times
that I've kept having to look down at my
wrist to check it's still there cuz it's
so comfortable. It really does blend
into the background and I honestly
forget that I'm wearing it half the
time. If you're deciding if a screenfree
band is right for you compared to a
smartwatch, the one thing that I would
say from my experience over the past two
weeks is that I've definitely found
myself able to push myself a little bit
further on workouts, especially ones
that are cardiobased, like runs and bike
rides specifically because I'm not
distracted by looking down at my wrist
and seeing my metrics right there in
real time. It might be something that's
important to you obviously if you're
training for a specific goal. But if you
are someone that just wants to kind of
get more into the zone and just go for a
run, go for a walk, then a screenfree
band like the Air has actually been a
super refreshing change for me. The
Fitbit Air can calculate V2 max, but you
have to do it with a run. And sometimes
it can take to up to three outdoor runs
of at least 10 minutes to actually show
up within the app. And you're probably
wondering what I'm actually doing at a
track. Well, I'm not going to test out
V2 Max specifically, although that's a
nice byproduct. I'm actually going to do
a heart rate comparison of the Fitbit
Air on one wrist versus the Helio strap
on the other. And as kind of my gold
standard metric, my Northstar, I have a
chest strap right there. I'm not going
to flash you and show you awkwardly. Uh,
but that's what I'm going to plot it
against to see how accurate these two
are. So, let's get running.
Running against the wind sucks.
Let's go back and check the results. So,
looking at the average BPM from the
heart rate strap, that's the gold
standard that I'm comparing against,
that was 152 BPM. The Fitbit Air was 148
and the Helio strap was 149 according to
their respective apps. So, a variance of
3 to 4 BPM is actually pretty good from
these straps. And if you take a look at
the graph, they actually do both a
really good job of keeping up with that
steadystate cardio. It is really at the
end when I did those sprints that you
can see that both of the trackers do lag
quite a bit. The Helio Strap finally got
the message and caught up, but the
Fitbit Air did not. While we're here,
let's also take a quick look at sleep
tracking because I did compare both of
these two trackers against the eight
sleep. Not a gold standard necessarily,
it's just something that I know my
baseline pretty accurately against
because I've used it pretty much every
night. So, the Fitbit Air does a really
great job of breaking down all of your
sleep stages and presenting that
information in a really easy to
understand format. The Helio Strap, not
as much. I also feel the Fitbit Air is
more accurate at tracking sleep stages,
specifically awake time through the
night, compared to the Helio Strap. I
know this because I timed it when I was
awake at night to work out exactly which
one was tracking it more accurately. And
a quick note on women's health tracking.
You can log periods on the Fitbit Air,
but it's not actually going to take into
account the skin temperature
fluctuations that the skin temperature
sensor can track. So, this means things
like your fertile windows and
predictions such as ovulation might not
be as accurate as other trackers. Back
to the outdoor studio. So, the Air can
automatically detect a number of
different activities in the background.
So, you won't actually need to open up
the app on your phone and manually start
an activity. So, the ones that it can
auto detect at the moment include things
like runs, walks, and there's a full
list within the Google Health app. You
can also go in and adjust the thresholds
for automatic detection. If you're
finding that it's not automatically
giving you credit for the activity, if
you are someone that does a lot of
outdoor activities like I do, including
runs and bike rides and walks, you will
probably end up wanting to start your
activity from the app itself rather than
using that automatic workout detection.
Why? Well, because this doesn't have GPS
in it, right? So, if you go out and you
go on a run and you're like, "Great,
that was amazing. I love it. I want to
see exactly where I ran so I can do that
route again." You're out of luck because
it's not going to track that map data
for you without you actually starting it
from the app. Can this give you
reminders to move? No. The only things
that the Fitbit Air can actually buzz
and vibrate for are alarms and a low
battery notification when it hits about
20%. But this is one of the areas where
I found that the hardware. Look, I just
wish that the vibration motor was a
little bit more effective on the Fitbit
Air because at its lowest intensity, I
can't feel it at all. I have to keep it
on the highest for pretty much
everything, including alarms. And if
you're a heavy sleeper, I think you
might be able to sleep through this.
It's just not that strong. And if you
hadn't guessed it by now, there is no
way to get this to buzz for
notifications on your phone, like calls
and things like that coming through.
You'll have to check your phone or rely
on a smartwatch if you want that
functionality. Battery life has actually
been surprisingly great. I have met and
then slightly exceeded Google's claims
of up to 7 days. I was able to push it
to just on 8 days before it went flat
and I needed to charge. But again, if I
wasn't checking the app, I wouldn't have
been able to tell if the Fitbit Air
needed charging because it just didn't
give me that 20% buzz on my wrist. At
least there is a light indicator on it
as well. So, if you do do a double tap
on the side of the device, it can give
you that battery status. So, the red
will mean it's under 20% and needs to
charge, and the white means it's over
20% and it does have enough battery.
Okay, so let's talk about the Google
Health app because that is really the
key that ties all of this together. And
the interface looks very different from
the previous Fitbit app that you might
be familiar with. I really do like the
interface, though there are a couple of
elements that I wish I could customize a
little bit more. You can use the Fitbit
Air with or without a subscription. So
that $99 that you pay for the device, at
least in the US, just gets you the
hardware itself. You'll get a free
3month trial of the Google Health
Premium subscription. But really the key
is that AI powered health coach. Now
you'll see when you open the app,
there's this thing called Ask Coach down
here. This is where you can have a
conversational back and forth with the
coach, kind of like you would a real
trainer, for example, but it is using a
version of Gemini that is basically an
LLM. So, you are going to have very
textbased conversations with it. You're
not going to be able to hear any audio
from the coach when it's giving you
advice. And you're also not really going
to be able to see visualizations. So,
for example, I went in one day and I was
like, "Oh, like I want to do this
specific workout. Can you help me give
me some visual guides?" and instead it
doesn't really generate any imagery or
anything like that within the actual
coach. It will push you to a different
workout plan that you can start from the
app. Some of the things I really do like
about the coach is that it takes into
account things like the weather. Uh the
UV index specifically as well has been
very handy for me cuz it's told me,
okay, so you've had a fairly rough
night's sleep. If you do want to do a
workout, maybe keep it kind of easy and
don't go out between the hours of say
like 10 and 2:00 p.m. which is when the
UV is going to be particularly high. But
I also found over the past two weeks,
the coach has been very kind to me, more
so than other AI based training tools on
other wearables that I've used. But I
think I want someone who's like a real
coach who's like shouting at me a lot of
the time to get me to do stuff cuz
that's the thing that motivates me, not
that kind, warm, and fuzzy thing. Hey
coach, I really like the options of
training and things like that you're
giving me, but can you kind of give me a
bit more of a tough love approach? Let's
see what it says.
You respond to high stakes and zero
excuses. And honestly, that's where the
real gains usually hide. I mean, again,
typical LLM. It's using a lot of filler
words to get to the actual point. Are
you ready to actually push the pace or
are we just going to keep talking about
wanting more variety with a boxing glove
emoji?
Quick update on that hard talk. Yeah,
it's really thrashing me now. It's like
your pace is falling apart cuz I changed
it after I recorded that segment. One of
the key differences when you are using
the Google Health app on iOS is the
integration with Apple Health. Now, know
that this is a one-way connection. So,
it's going to be pulling in the data
that you have tracked from other
wearables and on on Apple Health into
Google Health. It's not actually going
to be doing any kind of output into
Apple Health. So, for example, by that I
mean it's not going to do things like
fill in your activity rings if you're
wearing the Fitbit Air on iOS. Now, when
you're giving a lot of your personal
data over to a third party, you always
have to think about the privacy
implications, or at least I do. I think
a lot about that. And so, especially
with things like integrating medical
records, that's an option that you have
if you are a premium subscriber in the
US, as well as integrating all of the
different data points from, say,
previous wearables, the previous data
that you have from the Fitbit app, maybe
even from Apple Health, and pulling all
of that together into one unified
source. you have to think about where
that data is going. Now, I have to give
kudos to Google for actually doing a
pretty good job of communicating what
all these data points are that it's
collecting within the app. There is ways
that you can go in. You can actually
decide to delete individual items of
data one by one. You can also do things
like wipe your complete history and so
on. And Google has specifically said
that it is committed to not using health
and wellness data from Google Health to
serve ads. But that's the here and now.
That may change. I have no insider
information. The other thing I will say
about that is you can actually turn off
the coach as well if you want. Even if
you have a premium subscription and you
don't like that AI level of coaching,
you can deactivate it, but it's not
really easy to find. So, you go into
your profile picture. Let's see if I can
remember how to do it. Your data in
Google Health
and then
feature privacy controls.
Google Health Coach
and then turn off. So, when it comes to
the AI health coach, I'm really torn
because I think in so many cases, it can
be so valuable, especially for people
that don't have access to having someone
to help them, coach them, and work
towards the either fitness or health
goals that they're looking for. But
also, the other side of things is that
it's still an LLM. It still can make
mistakes. It still can hallucinate. Yes,
there is that little tag at the bottom
of every conversation that says, "Yes,
it can make mistakes. It's not a health
tool." But still, there have been times
where I have been having a conversation
with it, and it's been telling me random
data points that are actually wrong.
They're actually just completely wrong.
And I've had to kind of have long
conversations with it to be like, "Where
did you get this from?" For example, I
went out on a walk and then I came back
and it said, "Your heart rate was spiked
at 184 BPM." I was like, "That's pretty
much impossible unless something was
going very, very wrong with my heart at
the time." because it was a pretty
casual stroll. So, I had to dive in
deeper, ask it more follow-up questions.
Where did you get that from? Eventually,
after pushing it enough, it told me that
this was just an anomaly and it was a
sensor blip. So, if you didn't go in and
have that more in-depth conversation
with it, you could have just taken that
as gospel and thought, "Oh, no,
something's actually pretty wrong." So,
as always, take it with a grain of salt.
It is AI. It can absolutely make
mistakes. Okay, so in short, Fitbit Air,
absolutely love the hardware. It is
incredibly lightweight, especially
compared to the competition. I love that
there is an option of using it without a
subscription and the experience. I even
though I don't actually have the option
to turn off the subscription, you can
see a screenshot here of what it would
actually look like. And I think for most
people who don't want AI coaching, this
is actually just going to be a total
steal at $99 to be able to track all
this information and not have that added
AI layer. It's going to be a perfect
basic fitness tracker for most people
who also just want to keep an eye on
their overall sleep and activity and not
go to any additional fuss.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oPgReW21uM
Today is a pretty exciting day because
we're at the launch event for the brand
new Fitbit Air. We're going to hear from
Steph Curry, [music] do a workout with a
celebrity trainer, and basically spend
the entire day testing out the new
Google Health app in real [music] life.
So, let's see if the Fitbit Air is
actually worth the hype. Now, I actually
got the Steph [music] Curry edition and
both the blue and pink bands.
We're going to be doing some workouts
today and using the Google Health app
for the very first time together.
[music] I'm very excited for the day.
It's absolutely stunning and beautiful
outside. Let's go have an amazing day
together and test this out.
>> [music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
[music]
>> Okay, we just finished our workout and
these are my stats. So, it says cardio
load 38, heart rate at 122, energy
burned 227 calories, and it was a
27-minute
workout. So, you also don't need to
actually
log that you're doing it. It's going to
know that you're doing the workout, but
I just want to see what it looks like
cuz it's my first time.
What I noticed, especially when I was
doing like burpees and push-ups, is that
the Fitbit Air doesn't hurt my wrist at
all. Like it's so light, I barely even
feel like I have it on my wrist. I'm so
impressed with this so far. Workout one
complete. So I really like that we can
actually check our heart rate zone. So
it says that I've spent 8 minutes in the
moderate zone and 20 minutes in the
vigorous and peak. So I like this cuz I
can look back and be like, oh I actually
tried on that workout.
Um yeah, this is really fun. Really
liking it so far. It is so lightweight,
I barely realize that it's on my wrist.
I feel like when I have a hair tie
around my wrist, I can feel it more than
this Fitbit Air. This is really great.
Now let's hear what Steph Curry had to
say. He is the new performance advisor
at Google and has his own limited
edition band. Well, what's up everybody?
How y'all doing?
Uh it's a it's a very surreal feeling
for sure.
We're just talking to
our team in the back and not even a year
ago
you know, all the all the kind of
conversations and and I deal with this
partnership would look like, you know,
envisioning a day like today where
uh all the work Google health team, you
know, myself and Carl integrated this
into, you know, our daily
uh practice when it comes to preparing
me on and off the court to be my best
self and to have this product that I'm
super proud of and um and happy to share
with the world. I I I couldn't even
envision a day like today and the
feedback we've been getting already um
the fact that
you know, see a lot of people have it on
their wrists as well and starting to
really understand the power of what this
product can do along with the the
platform and and the the personalized
health coach. All those things that I've
been experiencing for the last
6-plus months. Um I'm just excited to
share with the world. So it's been a a
great journey so far. We're Steph talked
about how every morning he speaks with
his health coach in the app to set his
morning off and set his day off on the
right foot. He also stressed the
importance of a good sleep schedule,
especially because he's flying all over
the place, different time zones. He said
he's napping on the bus, napping on
planes, and
he thinks that this is an incredible
advancement and is helping him as a pro
athlete get better every single day.
Having those conversations first thing
in the morning when you're kind of
setting yourself up, one, it keeps your
health at the front of mind.
Um and allowing, you know, the as you're
that the algorithm and and the personal
health coach to learn uh with you as
well.
Those that interaction is really fun
just cuz,
you know, it's something new. It's
really cool because he actually said
that he put #lockin
on the inside of his band because he
used to tweet that before every game.
So, that's a fun little
hidden Easter egg you might not know.
I'm going to show you guys right now.
Cuz my performance and and making sure
that I have the data behind me to
understand where my body's at from time
to time. So, working through that's been
been pretty awesome.
The uh the changes over this this this
time frame have uh paid off. I love
that. He also said how it's so seamless
and versatile, and he actually has a
huge tan line from this because he's
been wearing it every single day for the
past 6 months. So,
I think Steph and I are besties now with
our matching Fitbit Air. Now, I want to
run through and talk about the new
Google Health app. If you guys know me,
you know I love Google Gemini. So, now
having an AI health coach that's
integrated with Google Gemini, it just
makes me so much more excited to work
out, fix my sleep schedule, and just be
overall more healthy and active. So, we
have four sections: today, fitness,
sleep, and health. Now, if you have the
premium version, which I think you get 3
months free by signing up, you can click
on ask coach, and that is our AI coach.
Now, earlier when I set this up, I
actually went through a little
questionnaire, and the health coach
learned some of my goals. But, you can
always add to it. I was kind of in a
rush, so I just said like I want to do
more consistent cardio and
you know, get some help with my sleep
schedule. So, that's what it knows right
now. It's adjusted for me. It knows that
um it's refining the stats to keep my
cardio load tracking. It kind of gave me
a week workout plan and
goals to hit without me even having to
put in that much information, which I'm
really happy about. Before I used to go
and chat with Gemini and try to make the
best plan, but now it's all integrated
right here. So, as you can see, we can
ask our coach anything. So, I can say
something like
um I want to do more hit workouts like I
did earlier today.
Help me figure out what time of day I
should do them based on my schedule. I'm
always traveling, so I really want to
consistently add more information and
teach the AI coach more about me and my
schedule, so we can work together to
make the best workout plan possible.
Maybe I should do a long-term video
about this.
Yes, I absolutely should. Then we have
our fitness
tab. So, that is going to be more
in-depth of our fitness. We can actually
click What is this? Oh, there's
workouts. I actually didn't know this.
Okay, there's tons of workouts you can
choose from. Abs and core, total body,
um yoga. Okay, this is amazing.
We can also see all of our recent
activities.
And then our sleep section. Now, I
haven't gone to sleep with this yet, but
I'm very intrigued on how this is going
to work and how it's going to compare to
other sleep trackers.
Because when I'm on flights, I take
naps. When I travel across the world, my
sleep schedule is messed up because the
time change is different. So, I'm very
excited to see how the sleep section is
going to work. I'm going to wear it to
sleep tonight, and then tomorrow morning
we'll talk a little bit about what we
get from our day one sleep score. But
yeah, now that I have a coach that can
help me with sleep, that's also really
awesome. Next is our health section. The
health section basically shows
everything. I have to set this up still.
I have to, you know,
get in the groove of this. After a few
weeks, I'm sure it'll know a lot more
information about me, but that's what we
have so far. Now,
a feature
that I think is insanely awesome is you
can log things. So, say you're not
wearing it, you can log your workouts,
right? But we can also log what we ate.
So, I just took a picture of the lunch I
ate, and
I'm just sending it in.
So, now my coach is going to have what I
ate for lunch. I've logged a meal for
you, seafood salad, 350 calories,
25 g of protein, and it even saw my
coffee on the side.
Cheers. I drink a lot of coffee. So, now
in the health section, you can click on
your calorie intake. And just because I
sent it a photo, it estimated that it
was 410 calories, and that I have
1,948
calories left. Amazing. I never put a
target for myself, but I think they just
have that already. But if you go more in
depth, then you say like, "Hey, I want
to
shed some body fat, gain some muscle.
Maybe my protein goals are 100 g of
protein." It's going to track that in
there for you, so you can focus on your
fitness goals and nutrition goals
without, you know, wasting time on apps
inputting things or searching things up
and seeing how many calories it has. So,
this is really helpful for me. I'm
excited to get into the groove of it and
try this out more day by day. Now, I
didn't log my breakfast today because I
got this after. So, let's actually tell
the coach verbally what I ate and see
what it says. Today for breakfast, I ate
two eggs sunny side up,
a chicken sausage, and one piece of
English muffin.
I also had a cappuccino.
And at around noon, I had a
coconut water. Easily with just my
voice, I was able to log what I ate for
breakfast.
It estimated everything. We're going to
head back home, maybe go on a walk, and
I'm going to tell you guys how the sleep
tracking is and if it's comfortable to
go to sleep with.
>> [music]
>> Hey guys, I'm back at home. I've worn
this now for two nights, and I've worn
it on one flight. So, let me tell you a
little bit about the stats that I'm
getting initially. So, the first night I
had 7 1/2 hours of sleep, and I got an
81%, which is good. I like that it's
able to tell me
all the time I'm awake, my REM sleep,
light sleep, deep deep sleep, and how
many times I woke up. I also kind of
like that it has this
little meter of sleep quality to show me
that,
you know, I fell asleep at a reasonable
time. I had a
good sound sleep for 3 hours and 20
minutes, and it's within a range. So,
it's giving me a lot of really great
information.
And I can just go and click on the coach
to chat with it about my sleeping
patterns. So, after the first night, I
said to it like, "Hey,
in the morning I'm waking up. I'm going
to go on an airplane.
What time should I try to go to sleep
tonight so that I can have a nice
restful sleep?" It told me these
specific time I should try to go to
sleep and not to have coffee at a
certain time. So, I tried to listen, but
I didn't listen to where it said
not to sleep a lot on the flight. That
kind of messed me up. So, I kind of wish
I listened to the coach on that because
my sleep last night
was not good. It was 4 hours and 52
minutes and I got a 62% sleep score.
It's a lot lower than usual. It says
lower than usual.
And these are what my stats are. So, I'm
sure after it tracks me for a longer
periods of time, it's going to be able
to have more personalized
insights.
Cuz right now it only knows two nights.
I really hope it doesn't think last
night is a normal night for me because
it definitely wasn't trying to beat jet
lag. But, I'm really liking it so far.
And in terms of comfort when I'm
sleeping, okay, it is very thin, but
sometimes if I sleep on my stomach and
put my wrist down,
it can bother me a little bit. So, I did
change it to my right wrist when I went
to sleep and it doesn't bother me cuz I
think I sleep exactly the same every
single night. And sometimes I sleep like
this
and it's kind of on my face. Now, a
problem that I've had with other sleep
tracking rings or watches is that I see
that light. Like, you know on the bottom
of like a ring they'll have like the red
light or the green light.
I will see that sometimes
and it wakes me up or I just don't like
seeing a light when I'm sleeping. But,
this one you do not see it at all. It's
tucked underneath
the band. You don't see the lights, so
it hasn't woken me up, and I really like
that. Very comfortable to sleep in.
Also, I recommend
to get more than one band because I went
in the shower with the band the first
night, and then it was wet, and I was
going to sleep, so I had to change it to
a different color. So, I'd recommend
getting two. So, I'm actually going to
Tokyo tomorrow. I have a flight tomorrow
early morning, and about a 15-hour
flight to Tokyo. So, I'm going to ask
Coach, "When should I go to bed tonight?
What should I eat on the flight? What
should I How many times should I nap on
the flight?" I really want to ask the
Coach a lot of in-depth questions so
that I can be prepared, try to beat jet
lag, and just be my best self when I
land in Tokyo. So, if you guys want to
see more content testing out
my new Google Fitbit Air, leave a
comment down below, and I will make sure
to film that for you guys. I'm super
excited. I feel like this is going to
kick me back into health, wellness, um
better sleep cycles, and just get me on
top of my game physically, mentally, and
just be my better self. So, if you guys
enjoyed this video,
give me a thumbs up. I will see you guys
very soon. Thanks for watching. Bye.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF334IUApzE
I've been wearing the Google Fitbit Air
every minute of every day for the past
week. I'm going from a full-blown
smartwatch to this screenless fitness
tracker. This is the deep dive review
that you need if you plan to buy it.
Curious how it works, which features
require a subscription, which features
don't. I'm going to break down
everything.
>> [music]
>> Tech it before you wreck it. What's up,
geeks? I'm Kirk. So, I've been wearing
the Fitbit Air alongside my Google Pixel
Watch 4. So, I'm going to break down
what I've learned so far about the
Google Fitbit Air. And stick around to
the B-side because, frankly, there is a
massive hidden cost to this band that
nobody explains ahead of time and you
need to know about. So, let's get right
to it. First and foremost, inside the
box, you get the band, the actual Fitbit
Air device, which is pretty tiny and it
snaps into the band. You also get a
charging cable and a basic instruction
manual. I [music] dive deeper into my
unboxing and my initial impressions in
my previous video, which I'll link right
here and down [music] in the
description. Let's talk about the band
itself. It's a very basic structure.
This is the one that's included. I
wouldn't say it feels cheap, but I don't
think it feels specifically high-end. It
certainly serves the purpose and it does
feel like it's sturdy enough. This thing
will probably hold up over time. And
there's a little plastic area inside
where you clip the actual Fitbit device
into the strap. This makes it really
easy to swap to different straps [music]
with the same Air device. It uses Velcro
to easily strap this on and off your
wrist quickly. Now, take a look right
there. There's actually a small buckle
that's made out of stainless steel. On
my strap, it almost looks plastic
because it matches the rest of the black
band, but it looks pretty cool on some
of the other bands that have polished
silver or champagne gold buckles. By the
way, these straps can be replaced for 35
bucks. There's also two other options.
This is the active band. It's silicone.
It attaches more like a classic watch.
It's designed to wear when you're
jogging or you're at the gym. This one
is called the elevated modern band. It's
made of polyurethane. It's designed to
be a more higher-end option. This one's
going to cost $50. A lot of people have
asked me about different ways to wear
the Fitbit Ace, specifically if you can
wear this on your bicep. Apparently,
that's a popular way to wear other
fitness bands, and perhaps third-party
straps might allow that in the future,
but right now these straps only work
with wearing it on your wrist. In fact,
you're supposed to wear it slightly
above your wrist. So, the actual Fitbit
Ace tracker is this tiny little plastic
module. It's designed, as I said, to
click in and out of those bands. This
really is the heart of it all. Inside,
you have an optical heart rate monitor,
an accelerometer, a gyroscope, an oxygen
saturation monitoring sensor, a
temperature sensors, a vibration motor
for alarms, and of course, somewhere
inside of there there's also a battery.
And Google promises 7 days on a single
charge, 90 minutes to charge this thing
up from 0% up to 100%, but you can get a
day's worth of usage, they say, by just
charging it for 5 minutes. I will say in
my testing, 7 days seems realistic,
although I was usually plopping it on
the charger every 2 or 3 days just to
keep it above 50%. I usually put it on
the charger while I was in the shower,
and by the time I got out, this thing
was charged back up. I want to jump over
to the Fitbit app, although it's not
called the Fitbit app anymore. They've
now renamed it Google Health, and it's
been reimagined, if you will. It's the
same app fundamentally, but it does a
lot of cool new things. I tested it on
Android, but it's going to work just the
same on iPhone as well. You get mostly
what you'd expect. All of your basic
fitness statistics, your steps, your
sleep tracking, a readiness score, your
heart rate over the course of your day.
It automatically detects and tracks
various fitness activities. You can see
on my app where I played golf, where I
played badminton in my backyard, and
then the stats related to those
activities. All of this was really cool,
and honestly, it worked just as you'd
expect, almost seamless, short of a
couple of times when it did pop up on my
phone and say, "Hey, we saw you were
active. What exactly were you doing?"
and I simply tapped one of the options.
But I will say the real magic is when
you add Google's Gemini AI into the mix,
which is ingrained into this new Google
Health app. Daily notifications that I
found super useful not only updated me
on activity and my sleep, but also added
context based on my previous activity
and previous sleep, noting a few times
that my longer sleep times were helping
me make up for shorter sleep sessions
during the week. It was really cool and
felt very personal. And check this out,
it even knows the weather. Of course it
does, right? Suggesting I might want to
get outside and do some outside activity
early since rain is going to be moving
in around 2:00 in the afternoon. How
cool is that? It is clear that Google
wants to become your personal health
coach. That's exactly what it feels like
with this app, and that's just after a
week of tracking me. I can't wait to see
how well Google tracks my health after a
month or 2 months of tracking my health
and my sleep. This is the B-side of the
video, and I want to break down what
they call Fitbit Premium and your
personal health coach, some of the stuff
I was just talking about. So, it costs
$10 per month or $100 per year, and you
have to consider that cost in addition
to the $100 for the strap itself when
considering the overall cost of this
thing. You do get a lot of cool
features. Think of it this way, without
the subscription, you get basic tracking
of health stats, workouts, your sleep.
It's going to show you in the Google
Health app that you can store your
medical records. In addition to tracking
all this information, you also get the
Google-generated sleep score, you get
the Google-generated readiness score. If
you want the basics, you'll get that for
free with this strap. What you're going
to pay for with Google Fitbit Premium is
anything more than that. Weekly fitness
plans generated specifically for you,
detailed sleep insights designed to help
you understand and improve your sleep,
AI-generated summaries of your medical
records instead of just storing them, a
library of workouts from trainers, and
most importantly, that new AI coach from
Google, which uses Gemini to answer
questions specifically about your health
records and your health stats and your
sleep stats. And honestly, it is super
cool how amazingly detailed it can get.
[music] So, I think it's important to
point out that those paid options are
really, really cool, although not
required. And at 100 bucks per year, you
got to factor that into the cost of this
strap. You buy the strap for 100 bucks,
you pay for 3 years of tracking and
health coach, we're at $400. That
changes the price of this altogether.
And I told you I've been wearing both my
Google Watch and this strap, the stats
are almost identical. I will say the app
is really cool. It lets you switch
between which stats you want to view,
and it'll automatically figure out which
data to use even if you're wearing two
trackers or maybe just wearing this one
when you sleep, it'll figure all that
out, you don't have to worry about it.
So, the question is, who should buy the
Fitbit Air? Well, I think it depends. I
really dig it. I've had a lot of fun
testing this thing out. Google did an
awesome job with this. Frankly, the
Fitbit Air is exactly what Google needed
to do. But, if you already have a smart
watch and you're perfectly happy with
the watch, you don't mind wearing it to
bed to track your sleep and charging it
up every day or two, why would you need
a fitness tracking band? You really
don't. And frankly, it would be
redundant unless you're not happy with
that watch. And remember, this is a
fitness tracking band. That is it. It's
not a watch. You can set alarms to
vibrate the band, but otherwise, it
doesn't tell time. It doesn't notify you
about a text message, an email, it
doesn't buzz when you get a call. It
does one task very well. But, if you
can't wear a watch to bed, this is a
great way to track your sleep. And if
you'd rather wear a regular watch, an
analog old-school watch, this would be a
great addition to that. Or maybe you
just don't do watches at all and you
still want to track your fitness, that's
exactly who this would be perfect for.
So, this isn't the first fitness
tracking band, it certainly will not be
the last, but I do think at this point
the Google Fitbit Air is the one to
beat. I think other companies are going
to be chasing Google right now, and I
can't wait to see what other companies
come up with. But for now, 100 bucks,
you get a lot for that price. I think
you can't go wrong whether you're an
iPhone user or an Android user with the
Google Fitbit Air. I can't wait to hear
what you guys have to say. Throw your
comments below. I read every single one.
If you've got questions about the Fitbit
Air, I'll try to answer them. I'd love
to hear if you've already purchased it,
what you think so far, and do me a huge
favor. It helps me grow here on YouTube,
and it'll make sure that you guys see
new videos as I post them. Subscribe to
my channel. I got a lot more coming
right here on YouTube. Tech it before
you wreck it. I'm Kirk.
>> [music]

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npRkqxPt_9E
So, this is the Google Fitbit Air and
today we'll be unboxing it and I'll be
giving my first impressions of the
newest screenless Google Fitbit Air,
which is going to be the next thing that
might kill Whoop forever. And I know
that might be a hot take, but yeah, here
we are. Let's take a look at it. So, the
box itself just comes with basically
nothing. You open it looks like from the
back here, which is what we're going to
do. Yeah, here it is. This is the Google
Fitbit Air right here. And it's a pretty
small band. Honestly, I'm kind of
shocked at how small it is. So, this is
the puck and this is going to be the
activity tracker itself. Now, it's all
integrated right into the band and it's
super lightweight, which is something
that I really do like so far. Now, it
also comes with a USBC charger, it looks
like. So, yeah, this is really about it.
The Fitbit Air doesn't really come with
anything else besides the chip for the
Fitbit Air and also the charging magnet
which is pretty simple. All you got to
do is click it on the back and it snaps
right into place which is super
convenient. Now, how to activate this? I
have no idea. I genuinely have no idea.
So, let's look go through the manual
right here. So, first things first, we
need to download the Google Health app
to start, which is what we'll do right
now. Now, keep in mind, I am actually a
Apple user with the Apple Watch Ultra.
That's my preferred activity tracker of
choice. But I definitely do want to
switch to something that makes a little
bit more sense, which is the Fitbit Air.
Because while I do love the Apple Watch
Ultra, it is quite bulky and it's quite
heavy sometimes. Whereas this is super
unobtrusive, doesn't really protrude out
of your wrist, and it's very
lightweight, which is something that I
really like. So, I'm really curious how
this is going to be compared to the
Apple Watch Ultra. Now, another thing
that I definitely have some concerns
about is what it's like for Apple users
using the Google Fitbit Air. So, for
people who don't want to use the Apple
Watch Ultra, they might want to refer to
something like the Fitbit Air or maybe
they're Whoop users on the iPhone. So,
it's going to be really cool to see what
it's like using the Fitbit Air for the
iPhones. So, that's going to be a video
that I'm going to be doing as well. And
I'm also going to compare it to the
Apple Watch as well. So, make sure you
subscribe if you don't want to miss
those videos. With that being said,
let's uh let's get started. So, I got
everything under control. I got to sign
in with Google. I got to sign in with
Google. You can also sign in with Fitbit
if you choose to. If you have a Fitbit
account, it's all going to be deleted
permanently after March 2nd. So, make
sure you move it to the Google account,
which is something that you'll be able
to do when you move your Fitbit account
to directly to Google Health when you're
signing in with the uh Google Health
app. Okay. So, finally, after creating a
new account, because my previous one was
a work Gmail account, which doesn't
work, you will need to make a new one,
which I just did. Now, we finally can
use it. Now, going through the setup
process, it's going to ask you other
questions like, do you are you okay with
them using your data, your weight, your
height? So on the Fitbit Air, you can
actually connect your Fitbit smartwatch
tracker or a scale and you can also see
data from your held ads in Google. And
looks like all I have to do is power it
up. So to power it up, I have to keep my
Fitbit Air charging near the phone.
Okay, let's let's do that then. Now, you
can't use the Fitbit Air right out the
box. You actually need to do an update,
which is what I'm doing right now. And
in order to do the update, you must keep
the Fitbit Air plugged in to the
charging puck. So, we're updating right
now and um let's let's see what happens.
Okay, so finally after charging it and
updating for roughly about 3 to 5
minutes, we can finally use it. Now, the
app itself is going to tell you if you
want to get to know the Fitbit Air,
which I do. Now, if you double tap the
device, you get to see the status light.
So, I'm just going to put it on my wrist
right now. And already, I kind of do
like the fact that it's very
lightweight, but I don't love the
material. The con, it feels really
cheap, but it's a bit of a trade-off,
right? You get something lightweight and
you do get something that's a little
cheaper feeling, but it's only $129, so
we really can't complain too much. Now,
if you want to check the battery, it
looks like you have to double tap the
device. And once you double tap it, you
get a status light. Now, if it's white,
that means it's over 20%. If it's
blinking red, that means below 20%. And
if it's solid red, that means you get no
battery. And of course, you want to make
sure that the little puck is actually on
the top of your wrist and not on the
bottom. So, make sure that when you have
the Google Air or the Fitbit Air, just
make sure that it's I would say wrapped
pretty pretty tight around your wrist.
And it also tells you to give your wrist
a rest, which totally makes sense cuz
even with my Apple Watch, I switch it
over to my right side at night time just
so that I can give my wrist, you know, a
bit of a rest and I don't get that itchy
feeling. A lot of that bacteria stays
under the wash from all the sweat. So,
that's something that I do recommend.
But now that I'm testing both at the
same time, I don't know what that's
going to look like. Now, it does mention
that you can get 3 months of health
coaching on them, which is powered by
their AI Gemini. Now, that is super
smart because with Apple Health at the
moment, their app, it gives you very
little data and it gives you no AR to AI
to work off of. Whereas the Google
Fitbit Air will now use their, you know,
Google Fitbit Health app and use it with
Gemini to give you the best um coaching
possible, which is very similar to what
Bevel AI is doing right now. So, not
only do I think this is going to kill
Whoop, but it might kill Bevel AI as
well. So, if you get the Google Fitbit
Air, you do get a three-month free
trial. And if you go over the free
trial, the annual price is $140 per
year, which isn't too bad. So, when you
give it a shot, we'll test it for a
little while. And uh make sure you stay
around for that video cuz I'm going to
give you my thoughts on everything. Now,
I personally think this is a really good
deal compared to Whoop because again,
you don't need a subscription to use it.
Okay, so so far my first impressions is
that the box doesn't come with anything,
which is fine. But the Google Fit Air
itself is quite nice cuz it's really
light and it's very unobtrusive, which
is something that I really do
appreciate. I don't love the feeling of
it on my wrist. I don't love the
material so far. So, there are pros and
cons. I love the fact that it works with
the Google Health app itself. And the
just from my first impressions from the
Google Health app, it is quite nice and
simple to use. And it definitely offers
a lot more than the Apple Health app cuz
I feel like, you know, leave a comment
down below, but you guys got to agree
with me like the Apple Health app is
actual garbage. It gives you very little
data and I just don't feel like it's
very optimized for the Apple Watch
considering all the data that your Apple
Watch picks up. So, I'm really excited
to give this a shot. One thing that I do
want to mention is that because it
doesn't have a screen, you can't see the
time. You can't see a lot of data. But
most people have their phone on them
anyways. So, you'll probably get a lot
of that data like the time, the date,
the temperature outside, what the
weather is like, all from your phone
anyways. While it is more convenient to
do it from maybe my Apple Watch, just to
glance over, it's just as easy to pull
out my phone. So, maybe this is a really
good time to switch to something like
the Fitbit Air where you don't need a
screen anymore. However, there is one
thing that I want to talk about, and
it's the fact that you can't start a
workout from your watch. So, or from the
Fitbit Air. You actually have to start
it from your phone instead. So, that's
going to be really interesting to see.
I'm really curious to know um how well
this is going to track my activities
considering I do a lot of lifting and
biking. So, yeah, want to see how this
integrates into everything. And u I'll
give you my thoughts on everything when
the time comes. So, want to do videos
like my Apple Watch Ultra compared to
the Fitbit Air. Want to see what it's
like for a Apple user to use the Fitbit
Air. And of course, want to see how
accurate the Fitbit Air is. So, I'll be
producing a lot of videos about it. If
you guys are interested, make sure you
subscribe cuz I don't want you to miss
those videos. I also have tons of videos
talking about fitness apps and
everything else related to improve your
lifestyle. So, make sure you guys check
those out. I'll see you on the next one.
Peace.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DqrBMCp2gw
Hey, what's up guys? So, in this video I
want to talk about Fitbit Air and Google
Health features that are actually useful
and people might use them in their
day-to-day life. So, let's get started.
The first thing that I want to talk
about is that you can set an alarm on
Fitbit Air and it will vibrate to wake
you up. And this can be done by going in
the Fitbit app. Then tap on this icon
here. Go in Fitbit Air and you will see
this alarm button here. Just tap on it
and here you can add an alarm. Here it
also tells you how you can actually
cancel it which is something that I
really like and it is very
straightforward. So all you have to do
is firmly double tap your Fitbit Air and
the alarm will be cancelled. So you can
just tap on add on new alarm and here
you can select the time. So let's select
something that will just go off.
Press okay here and then you can select
the days that you want this alarm to go
off. You can also select repeat alarm.
So it will repeat after 9 minutes if it
is not dismissed by a double tap and
then just save it and after that we'll
just see how it works. So there you go.
The alarm has gone off. It's vibrating
now and all I have to do is double tap
it and it will become silent. The next
feature I want to talk about is that you
can build customized health plans with
the AI coach on this app which is
something that I found to be really
useful. So here you can see that it has
some insights on my sleep that I didn't
sleep enough last night and today is
going to be warm so I should keep my
movement light to avoid overtaxing my
system and all that. And then it also
gives me this suggestion to go to bed by
10:30 p.m. So what I did was I asked it
to build me a health plan and you can
actually go in coach and then from here
you can go in history and here you can
find all your previous chat histories.
This is the one that I'm talking about.
So here I asked it to build me a health
plan and it started asking me a few
questions and after a bit of back and
forth it built me a health plan. So here
it gave me a strategy what I should do
when I should work out how much I should
work out in order to improve my sleep
and it is calling this strategy
sicardian align movement. So it gave me
a plan and then I thought okay I need to
follow this plan but eventually I came
back and when I went into fitness I
realized that the plan was actually
already incorporated in the app. So I
can see what it is talking about what I
should be doing. I can also make changes
log activity and go to history from here
and then my plan is already here. So I
have to complete six exercises this week
and it gives me workout suggestions
which workouts I can do to complete
these six exercises this week and then
tells me to cover 20 kilometers. Again
workout suggestions are here. Now I can
select any one of them. So let's say
I'll go with this one. Now I can again
go in adjust workout and ask it to
adjust few things if I don't like them.
But if I find that everything is all
right, I can just go down and now my
plan is right here. So the first section
is warm up which is 5 minutes and then
it also mentions what should be the
heart rate target. Then there is the
steady state walk which is 30 minutes
long. Tells me the speed to follow. And
then there's cool down and recovery
which is again 5 minutes. Now because it
knows that I'm consistently doing around
40 minutes of walks every day on
treadmill, it has built a 40-minute
plan. So it is intelligent enough to
know that. I didn't tell it that. It
just knows it from my workout history
and then I can just edit the workout if
I want. If everything is good, I can
just start the workout and it will start
the workout and I can track it on the
app. There is a video to go along with
it. I can see all the details in the app
and obviously the tracking will be done
by the Fitbit Air. Now, if I go back
from here, I can actually see all the
stages of this workout. And from here I
can see the time, duration, heart rate,
cardio load, the distance I've walked.
And I can also add exercises and end
workout. So I've got full control of
this workout. It's not like it's a fixed
thing that I have to follow. I can
control everything. I can control the
duration and all that stuff on this
workout. And I really like the idea that
you can build a complete workout plan by
just conversing with the AI coach and
then it doesn't just come back with
words. It actually builds the plan for
you which you can follow along in the
app. It's really streamlined and I tend
to like things if they are streamlined.
Next, you can also connect Fitbit Air to
external fitness and exercise equipment.
So, you'll get more accurate heart rate
data on that equipment. And that can be
done by going in this icon here. Go in
Fitbit here and then go in share heart
rate. You can see that you can connect
it to compatible equipment so that you
can track your real-time heart rate on
your connected equipment screen or app.
So from here you can get started and
find the equipment connected and get to
work. Moving on, if you go in the health
tab here and scroll down, you can
actually set up some alerts. So here you
can set up high heart rate alert, low
heart rate alert or irregular rhythm,
which will look for atrial fibrillation
in your heart rate or heartbeat. Now
obviously it tells you right here that
this can diagnose atrial fibrillation.
It can let you know if there are signs
of atrial fibrillation. So if you don't
get a notification, it's possible to
still have atrial fibrillation. This is
not meant to diagnose your condition or
anything. It's just supposed to let you
know if there are any signs. So treat it
as a wellness thing and not for medical
diagnostic purposes. You can also read
and understand what atrial fibrillation
is and how it affects you and all that
stuff. And below that, it also tells you
that there is 98.2% positive predictive
value which is based on their
proprietary algorithm which has been
tested in clinical study with nearly
half a million participants. They do not
link the study here, but it tells you
here that it has a 98.2% positive
predictive value. Moving on, let's talk
about somewhat of a controversial topic,
which is that you can actually connect
your medical records with the Google
Health app. So, this can be done by
going in the settings here and then tap
on medical records and from here you can
go in manage connections and tap on add
more providers and start looking for
your provider. Here in Canada, I cannot
find any healthcare providers because
this is US only. So what kind of data
can then sync up with the Google health
app? And for that we need to go in the
health tab here. Scroll down and here
you can see your medical details. So
things like allergies, conditions,
medications, lab results, pregnancy
details, any procedures, visits, social
history, vaccines and vital signs. All
of that will be available to the Google
health app. And then if you want you can
use the health coach to understand your
lab results or your conditions or
whatever that you want to know about
your health. Now if you come back in
here and go in medical records, you can
actually manage your data here. So you
can export your data. You can also
delete it if you want. And you can also
read about their data and privacy here.
So what are their privacy policies when
it comes to your irregular rhythm
notifications, your medical records,
Google health and health connect and
Google health code. So you can read all
about that. Moving on, let's talk about
healthy recipes that you can also find
in the Google health app. And for that
you need to go in fitness, then tap on
see all. And here you will find recipes
section. Go in here and you will see
quite a few recipes available in the
Google Health app. Here you will see
snacks. You can tap on see all to see
all of them. Then we've got some
breakfast options, some lunch options
and dinner options. So here you can see
what this recipe is and tap on play to
play the video and see how to make this
recipe. Now it would have been much
nicer if they put all the ingredients in
a list somewhere. So you can just copy
them and go ahead and buy these
ingredients, but for some reason that
feature is not here. I hope they'll
update in the future and make it more
convenient for people to copy these
ingredients somehow. And finally, the
last feature that I want to talk about
in this video is the food logging
feature. Now food logging is fantastic.
What you can do here is that you can tap
on this log button and then you can tap
on this food button and it gives you
search bar here and you can search for
whatever you ate or you can tap on this
barcode button and then scan the barcode
from the packaging. But there is an even
better and easier way to log your food
and calories for the day. So tap on the
log button. You can go in camera or you
can go in gallery and if you had taken a
picture of your food, you can select
that image and then ask the AI coach to
tell you how many calories are there in
that food. And then you can also ask it
to log it as your meal, breakfast, lunch
or dinner. So that's very simple and
straightforward. But what I did was I
gave it two different photos. So if I go
in health coach, go in history and go in
this history here. I gave it couple of
photos. One is a mixed grill tray. The
other is a plate of baklawa with four
pieces in it. And I told it to add the
food tray calories as last night meal
and sweets as yesterday's evening
snacks. So, it did exactly that. It
added the mixed grill platter and its
calories to my last night's dinner and
then the baklava as a snack and provided
me with the food log. So, I can go in
here. I can see how many calories would
be in the mixed grilled platter. There's
a breakdown of carbs, fats, and
proteins. And then same for baklava. I
can see how many calories are there in
four pieces and the breakdown of carbs,
fat and protein. Now another thing here
is that it didn't just log the calories
and the meals. If you come here,
here you will see that in the food there
are no calories logged for today because
I added them for yesterday. So if I go
back to yesterday, you'll see that I
exceeded the calorie target and the
calorie intake was this. Active energy
burn was this. carbs, fat and proteins.
How much I took and then there it is my
breakfast, dinner and other items. So
dinner is mixed grilled platter. I can
tap on it to see the exact same details
that I saw in the AI coach and same for
the baklava. Go in here and exact same
details are available. So it has logged
the food for me. It has logged the
calories for me and it has all happened
through the AI coach. I didn't need to
do anything myself except for giving it
couple of images. So that is fantastic
and very convenient for people to now
track their calories using the AI coach.
And I think people would be more
inclined to use this feature as compared
to logging calories in manually by
themselves. So that's about it from this
video guys. These were some really
useful features that I found up until
now after using Fitbit Air and the new
Google Health app. If you have any
questions, let me know in the comments.
I'll see you in the next one. Till then,
take care. provide.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0V9XgGeJNI
Hi guys, Ireina here. Welcome back to my
channel. So, the Google Fitbit Air is
here. I'm super excited to share my
thoughts on this device with you guys.
So, let's get into it. Let's start with
design. And as usual, some people like
the new design and some didn't. If you
ask me, I like the simplicity and
minimalism of this device. And most
importantly, how lightweight this
fitness tracker is, especially with this
band. I completely forget that I have it
on my wrist throughout the day. Also, I
can comfortably sleep with this thing
on. I'll be honest, I could never track
my sleep with smart watches. I love to
sleep completely free of anything, if
you know what I mean. And smart watches
are just too bulky for me. That's why I
normally use my Luna Ring for sleep
tracking. And honestly, I don't mind
wearing the Fitbit Air at night. It
feels very comfortable. By the way, the
coolest thing is that you could pair
both the Pixel Watch and the Fitbit Air
to your phone and switch between them,
which is perfect for people like me. You
could wear your Pixel Watch and stay on
top of notifications and have all the
other features you usually need
throughout the day, but switch for
comfort at night. It's important to note
that you can use the Fitbit Air with
Android as well as iOS, which is
amazing. I love the flexibility. The
price of the Fitbit Air is $100. It also
includes 3 months of Google Health
Premium, so you can try it out and
decide for yourself if you need it. So,
let's talk about features and what the
Fitbit Air can actually do. To give you
a better idea, let's open the health
app, which was previously called the
Fitbit app. You will see four tabs here.
Today is like a summary of the day. You
can customize it and put the metrics
that are most important to you. Also,
here you get quick access to log a
workout or start one. The fitness tab is
all about your activity. Here you can
start a workout. There is a workout
library with so many videos to choose
from and you can create your own
workouts and you can do it yourself by
adding different types of exercise or
you could ask the Google health coach to
do it for you. And we'll talk about the
coach in detail later in this video. The
thing I don't like about customized
workouts is that not every exercise has
a video for it. Some just have a name
and sometimes I have no idea what I'm
supposed to do. You have to read the
instructions and waste your time. I hope
they will gradually add videos to every
single exercise. In the fitness tab, you
can also find your workout trends and
some key metrics. The Fitbit Air has
automatic activity detection, which
works pretty well. It can detect common
activities like walking, running,
biking, team sports, and others. You can
always start a workout manually. During
your workout, you can see some of your
vitals and metrics depending on the type
of workout. The Fitbit Air is water
resistant up to 50 meters, so you can
take it for a swim. If you forgot to
start a workout, you can always log your
activity later. You can do it manually
or once again, you can ask the coach to
do it. You can even send a photo of what
exercises you did. Now, let's talk about
the coach. So basically, it's an AI tool
that helps you with your fitness and
wellness goals. For example, my goal was
to build a consistent workout routine
and build muscle strength because even
though I love working out and sports, I
struggle with staying consistent. Well,
I feel like most of us do. So, I told
the coach about my goals and
preferences, we discussed the best time
for me to work out and analyze all of my
daily activity and sleep. And based on
that, we moved forward with a workout
plan. So the key thing is that you can
train the coach just like you would any
AI tool and make it work for you. So at
first you need to spend some time with
it. The coolest thing is that the coach
doesn't just give you advice but
actually does things for you. For
example, after setting up the workout
plan, the coach actually created these
modules in the fitness tab to help me
track my progress. So we agreed on four
walking sessions and three strength
workouts a week. It also gave me workout
suggestions with some ready to go
workouts considering everything we
discussed before. But of course, you can
do any workout. On some days, I wanted
to try some of those video workouts from
the library. So, every workout counts.
You can always ask the coach to adjust
your weekly plan, make it harder, change
it completely, or just delete it. By the
way, you can always ask the coach about
the app, say if you can't find something
or just don't know how to do something.
It also analyzes your activities, health
metrics, and sleep and gives you
detailed insights. Moving on to the
sleep tab. Here you get insights about
your sleep with the sleep stages and key
metrics such as sleep duration,
restlessness, and others. As someone who
uses a smart ring to track my sleep, I
can say that the sleep insights in the
health app are not as deep. But at the
same time, the most important metrics
are here. And I actually like the
simplicity. Sometimes the abundance of
metrics and trends can feel a bit
overwhelming. So far, the sleep ratings
on the Fitbit Air have been quite
accurate, similar to my Luna Ring and
Apple Watch. These are the devices I've
been using altogether to track my sleep
for the test. That was mentally hard.
Too much stuff. If you take a look at
these stats, you will see they're very
similar with some slight deviations.
From my experience, there is no device
that would be 100% accurate, but they're
very close. The trickiest part is the
awake stage because every device has its
own approach. Sometimes my
three-year-old wakes me up in the middle
of the night because she wants me to
tuck her in. That's her new quirk. I
quickly get up, do the job, and go
straight back to bed. It takes me just
10 seconds. And sometimes the Fitbit Air
doesn't show that I was awake even
though I was. But it always detects
movement and it gets added to the
restlessness metric. Google states that
brief awakenings are now classified as
restlessness, keeping the awake data
more accurate, but all the devices are
quite accurate in terms of when you fall
asleep and sleep duration. So, the
biggest takeaway is that the Fitbit Air
is good enough to track your sleep. By
the way, you can set an alarm on your
Fitbit Air and wake up to vibrations on
your wrist. Moving on to the health tab,
and here we have a variety of metrics.
All of it is customizable. The Fitbit
Air can measure your heart rate, HRV,
blood oxygen, skin temperature, and
breathing rate. All of these vitals,
except for heart rate, are measured at
night. You can't measure them on demand.
When it comes to heart rate, it monitors
your resting heart rate. It can also
detect irregular rhythm and send you
notifications if your heart rate is too
high or low after being inactive for 10
minutes. You can track your cycle with
the option of logging symptoms. There
are also some metrics dedicated to
mental well-being. You can log your
moods and you'll find some meditations
and breathing exercises here. You can
also connect other meditation apps. By
the way, you can ask the coach to add
meditations or breathing sessions to
your weekly plan if you want to be more
consistent with this. It's important to
know that when you first start using the
Fitbit Air, it needs some time to
calibrate your metrics. Some of them may
not be available for a while, so give it
a few days. By the way, the health app
also has nutrition tracking with some
dedicated metrics for that. You can log
food by scanning barcodes, manually
adding it, or my favorite, just tell the
coach what you had, or send a photo of
your meal, and it will do all the work
for you. If you're in the US, you can
also connect a health provider, log
medical records, and ask the coach to
analyze it. So, let's talk about what's
included in the Google Health app right
away with no subscription. And I'd say
almost everything is included except for
the health coach with its personalized
fitness plans and detailed sleep and
fitness insights, a workout library, and
mindfulness sessions. Other than that,
you can track your fitness activity,
sleep, and health metrics with no
subscription. Now, let's talk about
battery life. It lasts up to 7 days,
just like Google promised. The battery
life will depend on your lifestyle,
enabled features, and many other
factors. If you double tap the tracker,
it will show you the battery status. I
don't know if it's just my device, but
it doesn't work well. More often than
not, I have to double tap multiple times
until it shows the battery status. So,
yeah, it's been annoying. Your device
will also notify you with a vibration
when you have less than 20% battery
remaining. It takes about 90 minutes to
fully charge the Fitbit Air from zero to
100. But even if you charge it for just
5 minutes, it will get you one day of
battery life. So far, I've been really
enjoying the Fitbit Air. I think it fits
perfectly into a minimal
notification-free lifestyle, which I
feel is getting more popular as many of
us feel a bit overwhelmed by all the
information overload. I love that it's
so slim and comfortable, but at the same
time gives you lots of data. Ask away if
you have any questions about this
device. That's all for this video, guys.
See you in the next one.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC5vfEq-Aq0
Yo yo, what up, YouTube? We got an
unboxing today. I just picked this up. I
pre-ordered it last week. This is the
Google Fitbit Air. What's good about
this is you do not need a subscription.
You can just use it out the box. We're
going to unbox it and see what that's
like, and it only costs $99.
So, we might be getting rid of the Apple
Watch and rocking with the Google Fitbit
Air. I don't know. Let's see. Let's see
what it looks like. See if we like it.
All right, here we go. We got ourselves
the Google Fitbit Air.
So, let's open this thing up
and see what it's rocking with.
Okay, yeah, we're not We're We're just
We're just going to rip it open.
Definitely ripping it open. I don't plan
on returning, so it's all good.
All right, this is it. This is it, the
Google Fitbit Air.
It's a single strap.
Comes with a USB-C
connector dock.
Yep, this is the dock.
This is how you charge it right there.
I'm assuming
rip this off.
And you connect this here to charge it.
Cool, easy,
very simple.
Could probably 3D print something to put
this on.
And uh let's see what it looks like on
the wrist cuz that's the important part.
The important part here is what it looks
like on wrist.
Is it bulky? Is it chill?
I think Oh, this hides. Oh,
so it is kind of chill.
Oh, it's super chill.
It just looks like a like chill ass
bracelet.
Kind of like it, dude.
I like it a lot.
All right, let's see. Let's see what
it's like on app. Um I guess we're going
to have to pull it up.
Scan the QR code, pull it up, and we'll
see what we got.
All right, let's scan the QR code.
Bring this thing up.
And see what we got to do to connect it.
Looks like we're going to have to
sign in to our account. All right, looks
like we're going to need the Google
Health app. We got the Google Health
app.
Uh, let's sign in with Google. Let me do
all my stuff.
All right, we're in the app. Here we go.
Uh, putting in the weight, 240 these
days.
6'3".
Sure, agree to everything, right?
Because what does it even matter
anymore?
Stay updated, no thanks.
How would you like us to track your
health?
Connect the Fitbit.
Fitbit Aria, here do Here she is.
Start set up, agree to everything.
An error occurred.
Here we go.
Power up and let's start. All right, how
do we power it?
Keep your Fitbit Aria by charge near
phone until the setup is done. Okay, so
now we got to
We got to get it on the charger. All
right, here we go. Let's Let's charge
her up. All right, she's charging.
We got a light.
Continue.
Now, the reason I bought this Fitbit,
uh,
just to try it. I mean, it was only
$100. I'm not going to lie to you. I
bought it because it's $100. That's
literally what happened.
Uh, location. I guess we got to give it
some location access.
Let's do while using the app.
All right, get notifications. Sure,
whatever.
I don't to do notifications, but okay,
we'll try them.
Let's do banners.
All right.
United States, continue, update.
Update out the box, it's usually how
these things are. All right, folks,
while this is updating, I'd like to take
this time to say let's go Knicks. The
Knicks are in the finals for the first
time in 26 years. I got all kinds of
merch over here. We got hats on deck.
All the hats, different colors, I'm
ready to go. So, we're going to test
this Fitbit out when the Knicks win the
championship and we're running through
the parade. All right, I'll have the
Fitbit on me for that. How about that?
Can't wait.
Here we go, here we go. Your Fitbit Air
is ready.
Continue to know Fitbit Air. Firmly
double tap the device to see the status.
White over 20%, blinking red below 20%.
All right, so it's
blinking white, we should be good,
right? Yeah, we should be good.
I also heard this thing, "Oh, you can
switch the band." I was 100% wrong.
Hold the device sides and gently push
against the fabric to pop out the bands.
Hold the device sides.
These things are always look way harder
than they seem.
Yeah, that's not going to work.
Oh, yeah, oh, dude.
Oh, so you could swap bands. Oh, now
this is great.
All right, I'm
I'm more pumped now.
That's actually great.
Sometimes you just got to look at the
instructions. All right, let's place
this thing on the hand.
Let's see what we got here. Hold on.
Sure, I don't want it to be too tight.
There we go. That's good. That feels
nice.
All right, don't wear it too tight.
There you go. Keep it clean and dry.
Fair enough. You can wash it regularly,
it says, with fresh water and some
hypoallergenic soap. Sure, sure.
Give your wrist a rest, also fair.
Thank you for letting us know. Uh 3
months of health coaching, no, thank
you.
Uh I'm not interested in that. I just
want to lock and go.
All right, syncing my data.
And I think we're ready to rock. All
right, that's it. We're done.
Oh, you can also connect it to Apple
Health.
Oh, interesting. Sure, sync that up.
Uh
turn on all that. Yeah, whatever. I
don't know.
>> [snorts]
>> I guess.
All right, cool. Connect medical
records. Oh, See the new sleep
score experience.
All right, these are a lot of things I'm
going to have to dabble with.
But I think for now we're just going to
leave it as is. All right, 84% charge. I
heard it charges super quick and lasts
for a very long time.
Uh I'm not sure the exact specs. I guess
I could Google it real quick. For 5
minutes will get you a full day,
but in 90 minutes will get you to 100%,
which is for 7 days. I mean, that's
pretty legit. That's pretty legit.
All right, cool. Awesome.
All right, I think W. I think W in the
chat
for the Google Fitbit Air.
Uh I'm excited to get it rocking and
compare it to the Apple Watch, which is
a little bit too big sometimes. This I
feel like would be way better.
Also, I've been having issues uh Apple
Watch touches the tattoos
and will pause my workouts. So, I'm
interested to see if this will do the
same thing, if it touches the tattoos
and pause the workouts or it doesn't. If
it doesn't,
that means it's better than Apple Watch.
So, I will let you know how that goes. I
will work out with it this week and I
will write it in the comments. All
right, that's it for now. Google Fitbit
Air, $100, not sponsored.
See you next time. Don't forget to like
and subscribe.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvnWmdoOT-E
J
receipts sitting on the last thing I
wrote you. Now I'm scrolling through the
thread hoping I get closer. J Williams
and smartphone conversations. It's a
digital romance. A new kind of
sensation. J Williams and smartphone
conversations. Oh smartphone
conversations.
Williams,
but the signals glitching is you
ghosting now. Read receipts are on. So I
know you got the message somehow. Living
our whole life through these smartphone
conversations. Lost inside the static of
digital translations. It's J Williams
with the heartbreak navigations. living
in these smartphone conversations.
>> All right, guys. Welcome back to another
video with Shaman J. It is release day
and tons of people are getting their
products. I didn't think this would sell
this well, or I guess I'll say I didn't
think that many people would be at the
store picking it up when I was picking
it up. The pre-orders at the store were
insane, man. There were there was a line
of people uh and then also there was so
many pre-orders. They had them like on
this cart uh and they were just finding
your name and I got there and I thought,
"Wow, uh this is a lot of pre-o." She
said, "Oh, we've gone through a whole
bunch." And some of the things were sold
out. But at my store, I decided to go
ahead and pick mine up there. I didn't
want to wait on shipping cuz I really
wanted to get this going because whether
you know it or not, I've been on the
hunt to get away from using a
smartwatch. The notifications are
annoying most of the time. I don't even
It's not something important. And so I
find that a distraction. If you remember
at the beginning, I was not really a
smartwatch person anyway. Now I do like
smartwatches, but fitness is all I use
it for. That's all I use my smartwatch
for. So I grabbed the Fitbit Air on
pre-order. And then I chose when I got
to the store, like when you get to the
store, they're going to tell you that
like before you when you pre-order, it
tells you that you'll get your credit
for $35 if you pre-order within 24 hours
on your account. Well, for me, when I
walked into the store, I think they
realized, Google realized right away
that's going to be a hassle and people
are not going to want to come back up
here or order, so let's knock this out
in one session. So, what they did was as
soon as you pick up your pre-order,
you'll get an email right away saying,
"Hey, you've got a $35 credit." Cuz she
told me right away, she said, "Look in
your email, you'll have a $35 credit uh
since you pre-ordered." And I was
thinking, I was going to ask that
question anyway. Do I have to drive 40
minutes way back over here to this
store? And she said, "Nope, you can use
your credit right now. just go in your
email and as soon as you go in there,
click on that and it'll come to me and
then boom, boom, boom, that was it. And
then I spent the rest of the time just
kind of trying to figure out which one I
wanted to get. And so I went with this
uh fog color. I looked at the uh
lavender and the berry. The berry is
really bright in person, fellas. I don't
know that you'd like that one. Uh but
like my running shoes and stuff, I like
a I like a bright running shoe. Like so
I have a lime green running shoe. Uh but
however, if I'm wearing it on my wrist,
I don't want to wear a lime green or I
guess I should say that berry one. I
probably would rock a lime green one. I
probably would. Uh but they don't have
that band yet. They have fog and fog is
like a minty looking color and I think
it's really this looks really good in
person. I think people are really going
to love this one in person. U but I went
with obsidian as my daily. Uh so I got
it all set up set up. There's the health
app. The health app is something that
wasn't released initially. It came out
today with the release of the product.
And so I have the Fitbit app and the
health app. And the health app is where
it works with the actual um watch
itself. Now, it'll work with the Fitbit
app, it says, but uh cuz my Apple Watch
is what I've been using with the Fitbit
app. Uh and it didn't pull over any of
the information from the Fitbit app yet.
Uh, but it is pulling over just my
regular health stuff like my weight and
stuff like that and a few calories
burned, but I haven't really started
using it yet. Now, like the Hume Band,
this Obsidian, this um obsidian, this
Fitbit Air will need to be used for
about 7 days before it logs all
information. So, you need to wear it
straight through for 7 days. Now, with
the Hume band, it was a little annoying
because the band wasn't long enough.
With this watch, the band is definitely
long enough. So, this is going to be
good for me. I work out um every day. I
track my food and um it's just cool. So,
if you decide you want to get this, it
costs $99 a year, right? Uh for the
fitness coach, for the Gemini AI coach
or whatever. So, that's that's cool.
But, and when you first start it up,
it's going to give you 3 months free.
And then, but they want to they want to
put a hold for $99, I believe it is. And
they're not going to charge you until,
but they lock you in cuz they want you
to like it. So, I don't use a paid
fitness coach. Now, folks, I use Gemini.
I use Gemini for my fitness coach, and
it's been working great for months. I
never really like did a video on this or
how I use uh um Gemini as my fitness
coach, but you just go in there and
you'll see. I've been logging for the
last 6 months. I've been using Gemini to
log all my meals and everything. And she
I have a female voice, so it uh stores
everything and it can remember
everything. This thing can tell me what
I was doing 6 months ago. I like that.
And there's no charge for it. Now, I do
have Gemini Flash or the Pro model, I
guess, the paid one. I do have that one.
Uh, so I don't know if there's a
difference between the regular Gemini,
so to speak, but I think you can still
get basic information from Gemini once
you go live or you go, you start to log
all your food. I log my food, my
calories, my protein. I log everything.
And I've been doing this for the last
six months with Gemini. So, it has not
been a problem with me. Now, I'm about
to start my journey with this Fitbit
Air. And either way, this I mean now I
I've never used Woop before or whatever
it's called. Whoop. Uh and I cuz I don't
want to pay for a ban that as soon as
you stop paying it's just a blank slate.
Like it's nothing. It doesn't work. And
I'm pretty sure Google knows what
they're doing by bringing out the Fitbit
Air. You don't need to pay for this if
you don't want to. And some huge pluses,
man, is that it does the basics and it
can last you for up to a week on a
charge. This band feels better. Uh it
looks good. It's got the the one size
fits all is actually long enough to fit
all. And that was pretty much my main
complaint with the Hume band, but with
the Fitbit Air, it's no longer. So,
after my 7 days is complete, I'm going
to wear them both. Obviously, I'm going
to transition to to just using the
Fitbit Air cuz I don't have to have um
the Apple Watch or the Samsung. I don't
have any I have to have a smartwatch at
all and I really like it that way. So,
there it is. Uh unboxing and my
impressions of this band. They it is
going to be I I can already tell you if
you didn't pre-order, you kind of just
missed the freebie because you get a
free band. And I chose this band, like I
said, but they have two other bands you
can choose from. And I think the
pre-order was a success for the Fitbit
Air. Based on what I saw at the store,
this thing is going like hot cakes. I'll
see you in the next video. Take care.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifZmGf7yr8g
I've been wearing the Fitbit Air for
almost 2 weeks now, and all the review
embargos are up, so I can finally tell
you everything about it. The problem,
though, is that I'm a tech guy, not a
fitness guy. I don't run. I don't have a
gym membership, and I only know the
basics about what's going on in the
world of fitness trackers. At first, I
thought that would make my review
completely irrelevant among a sea of
Fitbit Air reviews from super active,
sporty people, but then I realized that
it's actually a strength. If you're not
an athlete either, but want something
like this to help you get in shape or
just keep an eye on your health data,
then let me, a guy who would rather be
on the couch playing video games right
now, tell you about my experience.
Here's how this is going to work. I have
three major things I want to talk about.
The Fitbit Air's hardware, the Google
Health app, and who I think should
actually buy this fitness tracker. So,
the first thing I need to say about the
Fitbit Air's hardware is that Google
knocked it out of the park. It's so
lightweight that I constantly forgot it
was even on my wrist. There are so many
strap options and it's so easy to swap
between them, which allows me to wear
the Moonstone Elegant Band most of the
time and then easily swap to the Berry
Active Band during one of the few things
I do that keeps me active, which is
riding my bike. And it's important to
note that I'm basing this only on the
first party straps Google provided to
me. There will be so many third-party
accessories for this which will give you
essentially limitless options to match
not only your personal preferences for
workouts, but your personal preferences
for specific kinds of workouts. After
all, what you want for hiking might be
different from what you want for cycling
or hey, you know, playing video games on
the couch. The one problem here is that
I really am not a huge fan of the strap
that comes in the box. The material
feels like the same thing seat belts are
made out of. And the edges are very
stiff to the point where I feel like it
digs into my skin a little bit. Also,
since it connects with Velcro, it was
easy for the hair on my arms to get
stuck in it, which doesn't feel great.
Now, to be clear, the strap isn't bad.
It's just that all the other straps
Google offers are much better, which
isn't ideal. Another thing I love about
this is how simple it is to use.
Obviously, there's no screen on the
Fitbit Air, but there's also no buttons,
no speakers, nothing. All you've got is
this tiny little LED light on the side.
This is helpful for alerting you if your
tracker is running low on battery. You
can manually check on that by simply
doubletapping the top of the tracker.
One other thing the tracker has is a
vibration motor. This will vibrate when
you're tracking activities, like when
you need to switch from one workout to
another. It will also vibrate
periodically if your battery is getting
low. And it's also used as a silent
alarm, which is helpful for making sure
you wake up in the morning, but anyone
else in the room doesn't get woken up,
too. There are two settings for the
vibration, high and low. I found the low
setting to be fine for my needs, but if
you want something more intense to make
sure you don't miss them, you can always
bump up the power. You can also just
turn off vibration altogether if you
want, which will help to conserve
battery life. One thing I want to
emphasize here is that your Fitbit Air
will not vibrate for typical smartphone
notifications. This isn't something you
need to manually turn off. This is
literally not possible to do. This makes
the Fitbit Air a perfect fit for someone
who wants to track their health, but
doesn't want to be annoyed by smartphone
notifications all day. But I'll talk
more about who should buy this later on.
The gist here is that I love the simple
functionality of the Fitbit Air. But one
thing I'm not a fan of is the fact that
in order for alarms to work on your
tracker, you need to set the alarms in
the Google Health app. In other words,
you can't go into the clock app on your
Android phone and set an alarm that will
go off on your Fitbit. You need to have
a specific alarm set in the Google
Health app. This is how Fitbit trackers
have always been, but Pixel watches have
the ability to sync alarms created by
your phone and the ones created by the
watch. I was hoping that would work with
the Fitbit Air, but it doesn't. This
also means you can't ask Gemini to set
an alarm for you. If you do, it will
just set the alarm on your phone, not on
your Fitbit. Google did bring in a
recurring alarm system inside Google
Health, so you can set up to eight
specific alarms, which is nice. There's
even a recurring alarm feature that will
continuously buzz you every 9 minutes
until you actually get out of bed, which
is great for those of you out there with
17 alarms set on your phone right now.
That's right, I see you. But yeah, it
would be nice if the alarm features
worked better with the phone, but I
think this is a roadblock from the
Fitbit Air's need to work on both
Android phones and iPhones. So, it
probably can't be helped. Maybe this
will get smoother in the future. Who
knows? So, I have some complaints about
alarms, but one thing I have absolutely
zero complaints about is battery life.
In the press materials Google provided
to me before the launch of the Fitbit
Air, it told me you could get 7 days out
of it before you need a charge. Well,
that's actually not accurate as I had
the Fitbit Air on for 7 days and still
had about 20% battery left. That means
if I pushed it, I could get eight or
possibly even nine days out of it, which
is pretty incredible. Obviously, your
battery life is going to be different
depending on how you use the device. If
you're tracking tons of workouts, have
the vibration motor set to high, and
have eight alarms going off each day,
you're probably not going to get
anywhere near 7 days of battery life.
However, if you're just looking for a
simple tracker that keeps a log of your
steps, your heart rate, and sleep,
you'll need to charge this once a week
at the max. That's awesome. Okay, and
the final hardware thing I want to talk
about is the charger. All in all, it's
fine. It's very simple with a magnetic
pad for connecting to the back of the
Pebble and then a USBC connector on the
other end. The problem though is that
it's so slow. The battery in the Fitbit
Air is minuscule at just 34.5 milliamp.
Using the provided charger, it takes 90
minutes to go from zero to full, which
is just crazy slow. Granted, there is a
quick charge element. If you put the
Fitbit Air on the charger for just five
minutes, it should give you enough juice
for a full day. But yeah, 90 minutes to
charge this little thing, that's not
great. I will hand it to Google for
including an alert on your phone that
the Air is fully charged. I love to see
that. But even if you ignore the
slowness, it's also not great that I
have yet another proprietary charger
that I need to pack up with me when I
travel and yet another charger that
eventually will end up in a landfill
when the Fitbit Air breaks or becomes
obsolete. I know that getting a USBC
port on this small of a device would be
impractical, but believe me when I say
that I'm so sick of proprietary chargers
that only work with one specific device.
All right, let's move on to the tracker
aspect of this fitness tracker. Once you
put it on your wrist, it's literally a
set it and forget it situation. In other
words, you don't need to tell the
tracker you're going to bed. Just go to
bed and it will start tracking your
sleep. This also works for naps, too. If
you're going for a walk, it will
autotrack that as well. When you're done
with the walk, the Google Health app
will send you a notification asking you
to confirm the walk. Just approve it and
boom, you tracked your walk. This works
for lots of different activities such as
running, cycling, and more. However, if
you want to get more accurate tracking
and get the tracker to learn more about
you and how you do a certain workout,
you should take your phone with you and
start and stop the activity manually.
Google Health will learn from these and
get better over time. The one thing to
note here that makes this different from
a lot of other Fitbits is that there's
no built-in GPS. This means if you want
a detailed map of your bike ride or your
run, you're going to need to have your
phone with you to act as the GPS. If you
don't care about the GPS map, though,
you can safely leave your phone behind.
I know what you're thinking. What if the
activity isn't automatically tracked?
All you need to do there is manually
enter it in the Google Health app.
Everyone can do this by logging to the
today tab, tapping log, and then tapping
activity. Just enter in as much
information as you can, and then save
it. The process is even easier if you
pay for a Google Health Premium
subscription. Instead of manually
filling out that form, you would just
hit this blue coach button that appears
on every page of the app and then
verbally say what you just did. The
coach will log that activity for you,
which certainly is nice. All right, so
let's talk about this coach thing. This
is an AI service powered by Google
Gemini for paying users only and it's
the star feature of the new Google
Health app and a big selling point for
the Fitbit Air. It allows you to have
relaxed verbal or typed conversations
with Gemini and it will act as your
personal trainer, nutritionist, and
motivator allin-one. Like any AI based
system, I found it to be very helpful
some of the time and comically terrible
the rest of the time. Let's start with
the good stuff. what I just showed you
about verbally logging an activity.
That's really easy and is a great way
for you to keep up on your health goals,
especially if you are trying to stick to
daily routines. It's also great if you
just have a simple question about your
health journey. For example, I can say,
"How many steps am I averaging each
day?" And it will pull together that
info for me. It's also very motivating.
Every morning, it tells me how I slept
and whether or not I should push myself
that day, stick to my usual routine, or
take a rest day. This is all really
useful stuff, but it also can be tricky
to use and in some cases flatout wrong.
One thing it can do is make a workout
routine for you. I travel a lot as a
tech YouTuber, so I'm constantly in and
out of hotels. If I'm in a hotel, but
want to make sure I stay active, I can
ask the coach to make me a workout
routine for a hotel room. It then
produces this very helpful workout list
complete with videos showing me how to
do certain things. But you'll notice
there's no video for shoulder taps. Does
it want me to do shoulder taps like this
or do them like this? I've seen both
online, so I don't know what to do. And
I don't even know what a torso twist is.
These are minor examples, but if you're
someone who's just getting started on a
fitness journey, things like this could
be a roadblock to your success. Another
thing the coach can do is analyze what
you're eating and log your calories.
This is helpful if you're trying to
watch what you eat or doing a strict
calories in, calories out routine. Of
course, for it to be helpful, it needs
to be accurate, and it's just not.
Here's a time that I asked it for the
calorie content of half a cup of
peanuts, and it logged 420 to 430
calories when my scale says it should
have been 394 calories. 30 calories
might not seem like a huge different for
some peanuts, but if there are 30
calorie discrepancies at each meal for a
full week, that adds up fast. Things get
even wonkier with more complicated
meals, like this dinner I made. It
logged this as between 360 and 440
calories when I know for certain that it
should be 543 calories because I used
the Lose It app to log all the
ingredients as I was cooking. So yeah,
I'm not super sold on the AI Coach quite
yet. The thing is though that this is
the main reason to pay money for Google
Health Premium. So it's kind of good
news that the coach isn't terrific
because that means you don't need to
sign up for premium to get what you
really need from the Fitbit Air. And
hey, who really needs an extra paid
subscription in their lives? Not me,
that's for sure. Okay, so now I need to
tell you who I think should buy this
tracker. The buyer who I would highly
suggest this to is the person who
doesn't want a smartwatch. Maybe you
don't want to charge your watch every
day. Or maybe you don't like the idea of
getting smartphone notifications on your
wrist. Maybe you have an analog watch
you love, or maybe you just don't like
the idea of having a big bulky thing on
your wrist all the time. If that's you,
but you still want a way to track your
health, this is now one of the best
options you've got. At $99, it's cheaper
than most other options, including most
smart rings. It doesn't require a
subscription, and it will fit in your
life perfectly thanks to all the strap
options that are available now and the
thousands more that are coming soon. And
what if you've already got a smartwatch?
Is there any reason to get this? Yes, I
would still recommend this to smartwatch
owners because this can be a dedicated
sleep tracker. What I'm going to start
doing now that the review period is over
is taking my Pixel Watch off at night
and resting it on the charger and then
putting on the Fitbit Air to track my
sleep. This will mean I'll always have a
100% full watch every day and make my
sleep more comfortable since the Air is
less obtrusive than the watch. I can
also see myself wearing the Fitbit Air
and leaving my watch behind when I do
things like camping trips as I won't
need to worry about charging the Air.
Honestly, I feel like this is the
perfect tracker for so many people out
there. As long as you know what it's
designed to be used for, I can't imagine
you won't be happy with it. Anyway, if
you are on the fence between this and a
smartwatch, check out my full review of
the Pixel Watch 4. And if you enjoyed
this, liking and subscribing would be an
amazing thing to do. I'll see you all
down in the comments.

