https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FG8qWlEeNm8
This is the Fitbit Air and I've been
wearing it for about two weeks now to
test out the sleep tracking, the heart
rate accuracy, the activity tracking,
and everything else that you would need
to know before buying this device. I did
pretty much everything you could with
this watch from working out, traveling
internationally, going through time
zones, getting sick, drinking alcohol.
Literally anything that a watch would
track, I've done it in the past two
weeks. It's been a wild two weeks. But I
want to start off with just the design,
the fit, and the comfort. I promise it's
really interesting once we get into the
accuracy tracking, but I think this is
probably the most important part, the
fit and the comfort. Looking at the
design, there are several different
bands or straps you can get. And to swap
them out, the actual Fitbit Air device
is inside here. It's just this little
tiny puck here. The battery life on it
is rated for 7 days. And from my
experience, I got almost exactly 7 days
with this. You'll see that there's no
display. That's kind of the whole point
of this. You're not going to get
notifications. You're not going to get
any feedback on this with two small
exceptions. One, there's a small LED
light on the side that can tell you when
the battery is low. So, if you double
tap it, it'll blink. It'll blink white.
That means the battery is like over 20
or 50% or whatever. I'll show you on
screen. It blinks amber if it's under
20% and it flashes if it's like 1%
pretty much dead. The other thing this
can do is it has a small haptic motor in
there. So, the vibrating motor is going
to be used for a low battery alert, but
mainly it's going to be used to wake you
up in the morning if you want to use
this as an alarm. But it's not just a
regular alarm. You can actually set this
as a smartwe alarm. So, you can set it
and say, I want to wake up at 6:00, but
wake me up at the optimal time based on
my sleep that is just before 6:00. And
in my experience, the haptic motor is
very clean. It's plenty strong for
myself, and I find it a really pleasant
way to wake up. You simply tap the band
and that'll turn off the alarm. So,
there are three different bands or loops
as Fitbit's calling them that you can
put on here. And uh there's going to be
more, I'm sure, aftermarket, but at
least at launch right now. The one that
I've been using for the past 2 weeks,
which I absolutely love, is called the
performance loop. That's this one right
here. There's also elevated modern. I
don't actually have that one. And there
is the silicone one, which is called the
active band. But looking at this one
right here, like I said, this is very,
very comfortable. Of all the fitness
trackers I've ever worn, this is very
likely the most comfortable one, which
is kind of the whole point of this in
the first place. People say, "Why do you
want a fitness tracker with no display,
the main thing is you want a long
battery life and you want a small, very
comfortable device that can track your
sleep and track your health 24/7." So,
when you put this on, the first thing
that I mentioned in my original uh first
impressions video is it's a little
tricky to uh put it on, but I've really
gotten the knack for it now. All you do
is use one finger to hold the loop down
and then wrap it around. So, it covers
the band. It covers the Fitbit itself.
And I find that from most angles, you
cannot tell that it is a fitness
tracker. Some people were worried that
when you hold your wrist straight on,
there's small gaps. I personally don't
wear these things particularly tight. I
find that they're perfectly accurate
when they're a little bit more loose and
I get a lot less fatigue. But if you
really tightened it down, you can very
easily have essentially no gap on your
wrist on the edges there. But I I don't
think most people even see that anyway.
Also, because you're not taking this
off, some people may not even take it
off when you shower. It is rated for
water. You're good to swim with this.
You're good to wash your hands and
shower and everything. And the band
actually dries rather quickly. In fact,
significantly faster than the band on my
Whoop, which I'm talking about in a full
comparison in another video. I've
actually been wearing this with several
other bands for the past two weeks. I've
been wearing the Whoop MG, the Polar
Loop 2, and the Amaze Fit Helio. All of
those are really an interesting
comparison. And if you want to see the
full in-depth comparison, be sure to
subscribe. That video is coming out in
the next couple days. I'm just wrapping
up the final touches on that data.
Anyway, back to the design here. Two
thumbs up. The only thing that I can
complain is the charger for this is a
unique and new charger. It's not the
same charger as the Pixel Watch or
really anything else, which means if
you're charging this once a week, I'm
almost definitely going to be losing
this little charger. So, I'll probably
have to buy some more to have around or
maybe just keep it in one spot and hope
I don't lose it. But I do appreciate the
magnet strong enough and this is light
enough that you can charge it. It could
hang off of something. Uh I threw it in
my backpack and had it charging and it I
didn't have problems with it coming off.
I think that overall it did a good job.
I do wish it had, you know, a little
USBC thing on there or something, but
hey, if that's what keeps it smaller,
I'm fine with that. But let's talk about
the accuracy. After really wearing this
for 2 weeks, how accurate is it? The
first thing I want to look at before
getting into sleep tracking is going to
be the heart rate accuracy during
workouts. If you go for a run with this,
how's it going to do? Honestly, I have
really nothing bad to say. This did an
excellent job with an R value of 99 and
an R squared of 98. That's a a
correlation. So, in statistics, higher
value closer to 1.0 is better. And this
one being 0.98 is absolutely incredible.
I was comparing this to an ECG. It's a
Polar H10 heart rate strap. Goes around
your chest. It is much much more
accurate than most uh optical heart rate
sensors. And so seeing this perform so
closely to that, I think is very, very
reassuring. You'll notice that there are
some slight delays with intervals,
especially when starting and stopping,
that's very typical for optical heart
rate sensors. And this lag is probably
best visualized with the gap chart. So
looking at this, you'll see there are
some spikes upwards of like 20 or 21
beats per minute, but very, very brief.
And that's really only when your heart
rate changes drastically because you
just started or stopped an interval or a
run. I've also tried this with
weightlifting, cycling, and many other
workouts. And from my experience, it
actually does a really good job. It
stays on very well. And despite having
such a simple little sensor array on the
back, it seems to do a really good job.
As far as GPS accuracy, well, this one
is actually not related to the band at
all. A lot of people might wonder, how
do you track your workouts with GPS? And
the thing is, you're going to have your
phone with you. You can use this without
your phone. You can leave your phone at
home. It's going to track steps and
movement, but you won't have any
tracking of distance and where you're
actually going unless you bring your
phone with you. So, GPS accuracy is
going to depend entirely on which phone
you have. The good thing is a lot of
phones are fairly accurate these days.
As far as step tracking accuracy, this
is something that I actually don't
usually do with a lot of smart watches,
but because this thing, I think people
wearing this are going to care a lot
about getting your 10,000 steps a day,
more of the basic everyday health stuff.
And I have some interesting observations
with the step counting. First of all, I
woke up every day uh with some steps on
the clock. This morning, I woke up with
80 steps. I don't walk in my sleep. It
should be zero. So, there are some
phantom steps like where it detects a
step that it's not actually a step.
Also, I tracked 1,000 steps. I did this
test twice. I just counted 1,00 steps.
And the first time this registered 967,
so a little bit of a discrepancy there.
The second time was almost deadon at 994
steps, which I think is really quite
positive. And as far as the entire day
of walking and just tracking my steps, I
found that I mean, comparing to this to
the other three fitness trackers, like I
said, full in-depth video coming soon.
But a little sneak peek here, this band
was never the highest or the lowest. It
was always in the middle, which I think
is generally a good sign, and I suspect
that it is fairly accurate in counting
steps. Now, so far, we've had almost
nothing negative to say about this. very
accurate heart rate, very comfortable,
good battery life. Uh, step counting
seems to be pretty good as well. The
sleep tracking, this is a little bit
more interesting. So, comfort, the
sleeping with this, awesome, great
experience. I never even realize it's on
my wrist. But as far as tracking goes,
like I said, I've done a lot in the past
couple weeks that really test out the
sleeping. Sometimes maybe I tested it
more than I should have, but the good
news is when I'm at home, it actually
tracked really well and it accurately
depicted when I was asleep, when I was
awake. It had the overall time also uh I
don't know if you can hear in my voice I
feel good today. I might have like a
little bit of lingering like congestion.
I I feel fine but probably two or three
days like literally the past two or
three days I was not doing well at all.
And looking at this you can see we have
two different metrics that I like to
look at. We've got the sleep scores and
the readiness score. So the readiness
score I think did a much better job of
actually tracking how I felt in the
morning which makes sense. And if we
look at that in the past week, it says
mostly low, which is true. And you can
see the four days where I was pretty
sick. I was down bad really. Um, and one
thing that I think is interesting though
is I felt like I was progressively
getting better every day. Like I I
probably Saturday and Sunday were the
worst two days, but Monday and Tuesday,
I felt like I was feeling a little bit
better in the morning. And yet, this
showed a very consistent just level 15
recovery score every single day. So, I
don't know if it's not really as
granular as I would like or if I just
didn't recover as well. And maybe I was
getting used to not feeling so great.
Uh, but that was kind of weird to me
that it didn't slowly move up as I
expected it would. Also, in the sleep
tracking, you'll see it gave me
surprisingly good sleep scores. So,
sleep is going to be prioritizing
different things than the recovery.
Recovery is a lot more based on your
heart rate and your heart rate
variability, which if we look at those,
small tangent here, if I go into heart
rate and heart rate variability, that
did exactly what I thought it did.
That's what it felt like where was kind
of gradually getting a little bit
better. my heart rate v variability was
improving as I was healing a little bit.
And same thing with resting heart rate
that was gradually going back down as I
was starting to feel a little bit better
or recover from my sickness. But the
recovery score as a whole again kind of
flatlined at 15 and then jumped up today
to a much higher score. As far as the
sleep score goes, this is like I said
prioritizing very different things here.
If I look at my oneweek trend, it's kind
of all over the place. It prioritizes
much more like what time you go to bed,
how regular that timing is, and how long
you were sleeping. So, looking at this
right here, you can see apparently I was
in bed for long enough and I was not too
restless or anything. Except last night,
even though I feel so much better today,
last night was not as good of a sleep
score as the previous two nights when I
was more sick and felt less healthy, but
I stayed in bed a little bit longer. So,
I guess what I'm saying here is for me,
I would put so much more value on the
readiness score than I would on the
sleep score. I think a lot of people
care about sleep, but the sleep score, I
got I'm a little bit iffy about it to be
honest. And I guess this is kind of a
good segue into the app in general. I'm
going to show you a lot more about the
app throughout this video, but if I tap
on sleep, uh I can then go down to the
sleep quality, and I really like these
four metrics. It shows me the time to
sound sleep, it gives me my average
range, and you can see right now I'm in
the middle of that, 14 minutes. That's
good. You can also see sound sleep. So,
this is going to be like your deep sleep
and your REM sleep. It adds up and shows
like again that was in rain so it's
green. It shows you restlessness which
is kind of a good like I like how it
summarizes this and these are really
useful metrics so you can say all right
maybe I was more restless because it was
too hot or the bed's not comfortable or
maybe I had more interruptions last
night. It really explains why you might
not have a good sleep score and what you
can improve in your sleep just from
these right here. Maybe time to sound
sleep is because you ate before you went
to bed or something like that. Uh, one
more aspect to sleep tracking that was
not a particularly strong point for this
device is nap tracking. If you take a
nap, it usually works, but not always
that well. A lot of times if you take a
nap for like 25 minutes, it might only
capture like 15 minutes of that. It
might not even record it at all. I found
this was a big problem when I was
traveling and I was sleeping on planes
like, you know, redeye flights. It was
kind of like a nap here and there. Uh,
it really didn't do a great job with
that. In fact, traveling in general with
this was kind of a disaster. As I went
through different time zones, I crossed
the date line. I went from uh
Pennsylvania to Japan. So, I was
interested to see how this watch would
handle it. And it literally just deleted
some of my sleep on the plane. It didn't
know when to count certain things. There
were nights that it gave me zero sleep,
other nights it gave me good sleep when
I actually didn't sleep. Uh, I think
that it was kind of a big miss. And like
I said, I talk about that a lot more
compared to the other devices. Most
devices struggled with that. There was
one device that actually did a
surprisingly good job. So, if you travel
a lot, this is not going to be very good
at that. In fact, it also didn't know
what to do with times. It said that my
sleep was very consistent even though I
was on a 12-h hour time zone difference.
Like, it just did not really account for
time zones. Now, when it comes to
tracking workouts, I mostly did a lot of
walking. Like I said, I was traveling in
Japan and uh many of the walks were
tracked and it gave me nice insights in
that. It knew my speed. is able to give
really interesting insights into that
and say, for example, like I'm coming
off a torn hamstring and uh it's saying
like, oh, you're walking faster than you
did last week when you're just casually
walking around indicating your hamstring
is probably recovering. And I thought
that's really interesting because I
would have never looked into that those
data and it's that's the kind of thing
that AI is actually very helpful to tell
me. It learns from what you do also. And
so if you're doing a lot of different
types of exercises, it'll automatically
start tracking a number of different
types of workouts. But again, it's going
to learn more from your specific habits
and what type of workouts you do. And
you can also give it feedback. And if it
tracked one and it was wrong, you can go
in the app and very easily change that.
What I do for any kind of lifting or
running though is I go in and I manually
start it. So, if I tap on start, I
simply choose which one I want, but it
doesn't let me like get ready. Like, as
soon as I tap on it, just starts right
away. Counts down from three and it
starts going. I wish it was like a
loading page where you could then tap
start when you're ready, like get your
music ready, choose the right kind of
workout. Uh, it doesn't do that. Also,
when you're done, if you accidentally
started the wrong workout, you can't
just like discard the workout. So, I
have this connected to Strava, which is
a little bit awkward. When I
accidentally start a workout, uh, and
I'm like, "Oh, no, that's not the right
one." And I stop it. Well, now you just
recorded a 5-second run that's
definitely getting published to Strava.
All your friends and followers are like,
"What? What's going on with that?" Uh,
most other devices, if it's any kind of
workout of any duration, when you stop
it, it says, "Do you want to save it or
do you want to discard it?" You don't
have that option with this. This is kind
of an odd quirk. And I guess while we're
here, I might as well go through the
rest of the app. There's a lot that I
really like, some things that I really
don't like. Starting off with the very
top. I love this right here. Having the
charts, you can customize what this
shows based on what your goals are.
Whether that's weight loss, uh just
getting more active, training for like a
marathon or something. I think most
people training for marathons would
probably use a different device, but a
benefit of of Google Health here is that
you're able to port in a lot of
different data from many different
sources. So maybe, for example, I want
to look at like my heart rate. I can go
into readiness score. I can then go down
to my heart rate variability and on the
top right I can tap on the three dots
say view sources and it shows me all the
different sources that are connected to
this and I can choose all right maybe I
just want to look at only the Fitbit air
data I could do that if you have maybe
an eightle mattress or anything from a
mazefit all these different different uh
platforms they can all connect to this
and you can aggregate your data in one
location and you can choose which data
you're actually looking at so I think
that is a huge positive of the app also
like I said I love the charts up top
I've got my steps, my readiness, and my
sleep. That's what I really care about.
Uh, I can then swipe through. It kind of
swipes a little fast. You have like, you
know, a number of other things. You have
your calories, the floors you go up and
down. This device just is not capable of
tracking floors. It just always says
zero every day. So, a little bit of a
downside. I wish this was able to count
staircases, but I actually don't know
how they normally do that. I always
assumed it's accelerometer, but maybe it
is barometric pressure. That's the main
thing I really like about the app.
Scrolling down then on this little today
tab. Uh it's kind of a lot of like AI
paragraphs. Some of these insights are
very useful. Like I said, it could say
like uh I told it that I had hamstring
injury and it said, "All right, well,
you know, it's really hot out. Make sure
you drink a lot of water." Yeah, I
already kind of know that. That's AI.
Whatever. Um it tells me maybe you want
to slow down because you already did a
lot of working out today. Um scrolling
down past that, you get another little
block of like useful graphics. So, I
kind of wish this was above the insight.
Or I wish the insight was smaller. I
don't know. I feel like this is just
like a clumsy cluttered UI in my
opinion. Like it asks me like, "Oh, how
are you feeling right now?" And you have
to say like, "Oh, it's feeling a little
better." Or whatever. You can reply and
talk to AI. That feels like I don't want
that there. I don't know why it's there.
Anyway, useful charts down here. But
look at this quirk. You have last
night's sleep and then last night's
resting heart rate and heart rate
variability. But if I scroll down even
further, you get the night before with
the night before sleep and sleep score,
but last night's heart rate and heart
rate variability. Like these numbers
don't match. You think this would be the
heart rate and heart rate variability
from two nights ago as the sleep scores
from two nights ago, but it's not. It's
last night's heart rate and heart rate
variability, if that makes sense. It's a
mismatch on what it's actually showing.
So, that's redundant data there, and I
don't know why they're showing that.
Also, you saw I had to scroll past a
number of other just paragraphs. Some
people may really like these insights. I
think that you should at least like
collapse them and get rid of them. This
just feels like kind of just like AI
slop to me where you just have non-stop
paragraphs. Like I'm not going to go and
read through all of this when I'm trying
to get a quick idea of what my health is
like for the day. Also across the bottom
then if we go to fitness, you can see
this is actually pretty good. I like
this. They've got your workout library
there. If you want to go through one of
their kind of exercise programs, you can
start a workout. On the top we have the
recent workouts you did. So you can go
and tap into like today's run or today's
lifting. And within each one, not a ton
of data here, at least not with
weightlifting, but I mean it shows me
enough. It shows me pretty much
everything I would really expect. It's
not doing like rep tracking necessarily.
Uh but nonetheless, it's showing me, you
know, some pretty decent data. Going
down, you've got your key metrics in
terms of cardio fitness, calories
burned, your resting heart rate, your V2
max, running distance, like all these
different things. I think this is pretty
well done. I actually really do like
this tab. I just wish I could get rid of
the workout library. I'm not personally
a user of that and I would like to
customize this a little more and just
get rid of that. In case you can't tell,
I really like the numbers and the
charts. I love this stuff right here. I
want more of that and I want less of not
that. Basically, if we go into sleep
tracking, again, this is pretty solid. I
think that this tab is pretty good. Uh
at the bottom, just like some general
videos and meditation stuff I guess you
could do. I'm never going to do that.
Uh, but you know, it's there. I think
this is actually the best way AI should
be implemented. I like how they have a
small paragraph at the top kind of
explaining what's going on and what you
should do. And then you can scroll down
and just get all data and graphics. Over
in health, again, this one, all
graphics. You already know I'm going to
like this page. That's really solid. The
last thing I want to talk about in the
app is at the top left. Uh, you can tap
on that and you get some basic settings
to see if your device is connected and
make sure it's synced. Now, there is a
subscription optional for this. You may
have seen from the headlines or maybe
from my previous video. The device
itself is $99. You may pay extra for
another one of the bands or whatever,
but you own the device and all the data
that you're getting from the device. But
you do potentially have to pay $99 a
year if you want to get the AI stuff
integrated into this. Personally, I
cannot wait to get rid of the AI. I I'm
so excited to get rid of this little
free trial subscription so I can get rid
of all these paragraphs. And I really
hope you just have a simplified
interface with just numbers and charts.
I would absolutely love that. And while
it's useful for some people to ask
questions about your health, I just feel
like this is a little bit overdone. I'd
rather have the chat in the corner and
just ask questions. I think Whoop does a
great job of balancing AI that's helpful
without being in your face. So this is a
fairly simple device. Google added a lot
of AI and a lot of features into the
app. Some things I really like. There's
a lot to really like about this, but
there are also some weird bugs, some
weird quirks that I think Google kind of
needs to work out. Like I showed you
with where it shows last night's heart
rate when it's trying to show last
night's sleep score. Like some things
are mismatched like that. I think that's
kind of weird that it does that. Also,
TCX files. So, you can export your
workouts. I really appreciate that. But
you can only do it if it's like a run or
something outside that moves and has GPS
data associated. If you're lifting
indoors, you can still go on the app and
you can still export it, but it's just
an empty file. Like, you won't have any
heart rate data in there at all. I don't
know why. The other quirk, like I said,
is the inability to discard workouts at
the end. You have to save the workout
and then you can go back and delete it
later. Another weird quirk. But this
device as a whole, I think that for
Fitbit people, people who want to track
their steps, track their health, and
just kind of keep general tabs on how
their sleep is, this is the perfect
Fitbit device. I know so many people
that have a little small watch like an
old school Fitbit or a Mi Band. And
they're great that they show you time
and display and everything like that,
but I think a lot of people would be
perfectly happy sleeping with this as
something subtle and comfortable and
lasting about a week and then seeing all
the data in an app and then maybe on
their other wrist they can wear, you
know, a regular watch or something
that's more stylistic of whatever they
really like or maybe even just an Apple
Watch that they only wear during the
day. So, I'm a big fan of the Fitbit
Air, but is it actually the best
alternative to Whoop? Well, you're going
to see in that video. I think I think
most people are going to be surprised. I
think you actually would be surprised by
the verdict I have in that video. So,
thanks for watching, guys. I'm really
excited to see you in that next video.
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss
it.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlY1cGQMF2Q
How are my dear technophanatics
and technophanic? Today we go
with the revision of the Fitby Air. Come on
with the video.
Then approximately two weeks of
being using the new Fit the Air is
one of the most complete bands of the
market. You can welcome
our daily activities when
we slept and it handles an app well
complete. We're going to have practically it
essential in terms of the data that we
you can give for free, either
our heart rate, oxygen level
in the blood, the ratio of our
breathing, the variability of the
heart rate, the steps that
we perform, calories burned and we will
have a variety of exercises for
follow up. Now, if you want to leave
for something more complete, we have a
service from 99 a year where
we will have artificial intelligence
to practically have a coach, in
where we can give you information about it
that we want to work and it can give us
a routine depending on the part of the
body you want to work on, analyzing
every detail of your activities
previous. This way it can give us
a better understanding of our body
and the activity we need to do.
The advantage of this service is that the
egg of each exercise can give us
a small evaluation of what we have
done and based on that it gives us some
recommendations. As for the battery,
which is important, it can give us about 7
days if we do about five exercises
12% battery arriving per week
on the seventh day. But they do exercise
like I do, which is between 10 to 12 a
the week can give approximately
between 5 to 6 days. So that they can give one
idea, I do between 80 to 90 minutes
daily cardio and 30 minutes of weights
three times a week, so
mine is intense. Be careful, the battery charges
from 0 to 100% in a matter of 90 minutes and
5 minutes of charging gives us a day of use.
Now, we are not going to have one
screen, so we won't have it
distraction. It can be positive for
some as negative for others.
We have several band options for
exchange and the best thing is that it is good
lightweight, only 12g counting band. is
water resistant up to 50 m
depth. But let's see, why eh me
I'm switching from the Apple Watch Series 11
Fitby Air? It's very simple. I am
a person who likes to use
classic watches and unfortunately
I don't use them because I need them
a device that gives me a good
amount of information, both from me
health, heart rate or oxygen
the blood, which eh follow up on
my daily activities when I sleep,
but I couldn't find a band that would suit me
you can deliver that amount of data to the
level like the Apple Watch does. He
point is that now that we have the huh
Fitby Air, we can see what we
delivers a good amount of
information, manage intelligence
artificial, I can have my own coach
and we will notice that there are some
differences. It's true, it's not going to be huh
something that distracts me so much, since no
the FitB AR has a screen like it
it has the Apple Watch Series 11, but it will
depend, as I say, on the person who
you are going to acquire it. I mean, do you want something
where I have a screen that you
notify, that you receive messages, that
you can see the person calling you in huh
your doll? The Apple Watch is one
excellent alternative. Do you want something that
don't be distracted, but do it
track your daily activities
when you sleep? at the same time have a coach
what does he tell you when you finish your
exercises that you rest or have done
a good job, anyway, I mean, that you
say more or less the information of how
your heart rate has gone during the
exercise process. All of this is
incredible and Fitbi gives it to you,
say, the application. Be careful, for it
it's true we're going to have to pay $99
a year if we want the coach or
I can simply tell the
application through this
artificial intelligence at FitB that
for example, I made a routine for myself
do weights, work your arms,
work the chest eh for eh 3 days a
the week and he's going to give me a routine and
he is also going to give me the exercises that
I can make the video so I can
improve. the way I do them
parts. So let's see what it is
the application is more complicated in that one
aspect. I know the Apple Watch inside
we also have a coach and the application
that also has a service and a
cost, right? In case you
they want to use it, but I see it as more viable
in my case, as I say, on a personal basis
the eh FitB Air. Well let's see what
in those aspects it fulfills almost the same
purpose that we are going to see in Apple
Watch and the Fitness application
compared to the FitB application
Air, which in this case you will have too
artificial intelligence and it will be able to
generate an exercise routine
depending on what you want
do. Inside the app too
the plates of food that can go up can go up
you are eh ingesting so that
this way you can also place the eh
the eh calories they are entering
your body along with the calories that
you guys burn during the
exercises. So, let's see what
this application is really good
complete. We'll be able to go up until huh
hey the date of hey what when we went to the
doctor and the records that we
we have, right? All that information or
you will be able to get all that data
also upload to the application. I haven't
done. There are some steps that must be taken
continue to be able to receive or let's say
hey, upload all that data, right? All those
medical results that you have
they will be able to do it, but there is a process
hey for that. Hey, like I say, I mean, I see
that this application in this case is fine
complete. There are, there are faults, there are faults,
like for example, how he gave a screen
for those who might want to see
like heart rate, all of it or stop
being able to activate an exercise, although the
exercise will also be activated
automatically at the time of that
you are doing it. I mean, no
they necessarily have to be with him
cell phone, but the eh the band is going to
being able to detect that you are doing a
exercise and start recording
those calories that you are
burning. Something that I loved
also, which I already mentioned, is the
battery. It can enter us around
between 5 to 7 days, depending on
amount of exercises that you do
daily, as I say, I do between 10
at 12, therefore, and it is an hour and
average, 2 hours of daily exercise, per
therefore the battery is going to
wear out more during the week. Is for
that lasts between 5 or 6 days for me
depending on the number of exercises
what to do during that time or during
that period. But hey, you do
three exercises a week eh more or
the 7 days will last less and less
leaving a remaining percentage, but the
advantage is that you do it every 7 days
they can carry, they can sleep with it
clock, with the clock, no, with the band on
this case. And the other thing is that it's good
lightweight, 12g, 5g price without lavender
and 12 ganda. outside of that you are going to
have a variety of bands a
I, for example, am going to buy one
which is the silicone one, since this one
here, being a fabric-like material, eh
it absorbs sweat and that's what I don't
liked. I mean, I'm going to have to
wash it anyway, but hey when
you bathe with the band, well
they are going to moisten and it is not as if it were the
silicone that automatically goes to
dry much faster than when it is
fabric type material. So huh
I consider that in my case the one of eh the
silicone is going to be the most
recommended, so that's what I'm going for
buy me now. Their prices range between
39.99 to 49.99, which is the most luxurious,
which is the one I am going to acquire, which has
been the most comfortable after the
I tried it at the eh Google event.
So, there are some advantages. Something that
I think they could improve, for example
when you enter the application,
which is something that we are with Apple
Watch, just what we do is
enter the part of your exercises,
you choose the exercise that you
they want to do it, but something that is
smart on the Apple Watch is that
know what exercises are
you do it constantly and you are the
first options that you are going to
have on the watch. In the case of him
Fitbe, when you enter the
application, I have been doing
elliptical practically almost all
days, but the application always
keeps at the bottom, then
I have to go, I mean, let's say the
exercises that are not my daily routine
I'll find them in the part
superior. It would be ideal that having
artificial intelligence analyze which ones
they are my exercises that I do the most and the
keep on top. But is
it's one of the details, practically
the only detail I have been able to find
when using the Fir.
Okay, I know a lot of people have
been comparing Wop versus FitB
Air because they are smart bands and
both have annual service, one
it's $200, the other one is $100, right? In the
case of Fit the Air. Now, when
let's go to the data that you can give us
in real time, I have been
comparing with the Apple Watch. To what
I have noticed and when I have compared it to
other bands are on the Apple Watch
I burn more calories, that is, it appears as
that I burn more calories. Yes, the same as
it happens with the FitB Air, where we are going to
see that the sensor that detects detects the
heart rate is even, between 164, 165
hey beats per minute, but when
let's go to the calories burned, let's go to
see that on the one hand in the Fitby it is 736
more or less and on the other at Apple
Watch, it's going to be 900, right?
So, let's see what there is
difference in what it is
calories that one burns during the
exercise, but as far as
sensor in heart rate, let's see
which is very similar between these two
devices.
A low point that we could mention in
the Fit the Air does not handle GPS.
To do this you are going to connect with your
mobile device to be able to perform
that follow-up. And if you want to see
the map of the route that you have
fact, well they will depend on your
mobile device. So this could
be maybe a low point that we are going to
find at Fit the Air. Stop it
finish, for $99.99
what does this band cost, you are going to
acquire a product that will help us
deliver a good amount of data
free way. And if you want
maybe have a coach to be able to
perform certain exercises to be able to
work different areas of your body,
whether it's the arms, whether it's the chest,
abdominal, among other things, will
having this coach, they will be able to go up
also uh uh your medical results. huh
they will be able to upload images of what
they're eating to make them count like huh
calories that you have ingested. In
end, that is, let's see what
indeed it is a good application
complete and at the same time gives us one
good variety of exercises for you
you can follow up, like
also when sleeping.
So, for me that is essential within
what a smart product is
that eh is compared, right?, with Apple
Watch or others on the market. AND
like I say, this one here has a price
well accessible and if you already want it
premium service, well they are going to have to
pay in this case $99
per year or $9.99 and 99 per month. So
it is highly recommended, especially if
you are one of those who use watches
classics and that maybe you don't want
use an Apple Watch, but
you want to go to a smart band, the
Fitby Air is an excellent alternative
what you are going to find in it
market. I'm going to leave the link in the
description in case you are interested.
If you liked this little video, I liked it
delighted, don't forget the lito
barria, don't forget to subscribe to
this channel. My name is José
Technophanatic. See you in the next one
video. Ciao.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBRUpu0sBtk
Hello, friends of Esana. Today it comes out
on sale the Google Fitbit Air, a
device that I have bought, I have
spent in '99 € and which also opens
new era for Google, as it has launched
at that developer conference
Google IO, which was a couple of years ago
weeks your new health suite and
sport Google Health, a suite that us
now Yemina is integrated and be careful with this
it is paid, that is, we have Google
Fitbit Air coming to compete
obviously with the UP, with the Amaz Outfit
Elliot Trap with other alternatives that
there is on the market and she tells herself
you don't have subscriptions, okay? that
this is something I have seen as
sales claim, but it is true
that they keep an ace up their sleeve, that
the user does want to access
the whole intelligence thing
artificial Yemini as a coach, like
coach, not only on a sporting level,
but also at the level of pure health, this
well we have to go through software to
have this possibility. 9.99€ per month,
100 € in the case of subscription
annual. It's been possible for a few days now
find in the United States and in fact
some analysts have already spoken of
them today. In fact, he got up
however, I understand the units because
I know absolutely nothing about this.
Some have also been able to publish eh
let's say the accounting as it is
exactly, okay? There is also a channel that
you should continue if you like all this
song called The Quantified a
Scientist and he is a guy who tests,
he's from Austria if I'm not mistaken, but
the reviews, the analyzes are in English
and although I have disagreed on some
occasions with him as to what I
I found, I mean a few years ago
reviews, let's say, very accurate or it looks
let the guy test, let's say
all devices, right? And now I know
he just also published that video with
the analytics and data that has
given. And be careful, they have been very
promising. I mean, basically it
what Google has done is release a
device without screen, without any
intelligent capacity type. This very
in quotes because the bracelet itself
he's pretty smart. Very light, 12
g, be careful, it is very little compared to the
GP. 12g with strap included. Of
in fact, it's practically half of
size. He is a pebel, which is how they have him
called, which would be translated from English to
spanish. Pebble. The UP with the strap and
everything is 26.5 g and lafit helium, which
I also analyzed here, well ago
a matter of a year, out there, out there,
but even the sensors themselves that
they have equipped are the same as the
Fitbit Spire 3, which already has this one
kind of eh photodiodes, so to speak
on the market, about 2 3 4 years. Here the
magic is in what Google has known
bring out and squeeze the potential that already exists
at the time it had Fitbit that it bought at
2021 and that has polished them a lot
algorithms and therefore I was
when I tried it, I looked around because
I got the Pixel Watch 4 when I tried it
the Pixels have always given me some eh
parameters at the level of rhythm metrics
cardiac, sleep,
electrocardiogram, which in this case the
Fitbit Air doesn't have it, but as for
pristine health accuracy. Important
one thing, even if it's called Google Fitbit,
this bracelet is compatible with both
iOS, with iPhone devices like
also with Google. I don't know about Google here
they've found a little girl, she knows that Apple is going
to get nothing like it, therefore, they have
released this application and this
specific device is compatible
both with iOS devices and also
with android. But let's go a little bit
depth at the hardware level, okay?
What does it give us? It's a bracelet
that's the only point he has,
let's say, interactivity or
communicating with the outside is a small thing
LED on the side that
we activate with a double press to
give us feedback on the battery that
has. There is no need to leave that way
to the application and see it. The theory is
that he is counting us 247, although
of course, this bracelet has autonomy
between 5 and 7 days, it depends on the
reviews that I have been seeing, that of some
I gave it a little more, some a
little less. As I tell you, for
of course, there is going to be an in-depth analysis
from this device here, but me
they sent an email today telling me
that there was no stock, that I was going to have it
what to expect after buying it,
spend almost 100 € Well, within
that fits is not too much for this guy
of products. At the level of weerables me
I mean, I mean, 100 € is money, but
that I had to wait, I think it was
between June 10 and 15 to power
receive it. So well, I take advantage
to tell you if you like this guy
of content and you want to see the analysis
let YouTube notify you when it
come up, subscribe, ring the bell
to support this project. This
bracelet no longer has, let's say, any
more type of interaction. Yes, it counts
with a vibration motor that I when
I was trying the Amat Fit Heli Strap
he did comment, "Hey, I'd love to
that in the end at least had one
vibration." Okay, here we have it for you
hey let's say an alarm clock that
smart that we can select the
option, that is, when it detects that
we are in a not so sleep phase
deep, because it begins to wake us up,
close, obviously, to the time at which
we have told him what we want
wake up and then aside eh we can
set a time as is and let it begin
to vibrate at the time that way, one
silent alarm. Another important thing
that many of you asked me on the Amazon
what they released later, this Fitbit
Air seems to not have and will not have
never, let's say, a bicep bracelet.
Why do I say it seems like it's not going to
never have? Because apparently they have
asked directly to spokespersons
Google, to developers of this
project and has told them that it is not their
I intend to take it out and if not
they would have taken it from the beginning. That
it doesn't mean that other brands, let's say
get a compatibility, okay? But
not by Google itself, because the
algorithms and the precision itself so
good that it has is associated with that
count on the wrist part,
OK? The moment you take it out
from there it will be much more unsuccessful. This
it does that for some sports, like
for his own, for example, very common
Crossfit, well there are already people who don't
see so clearly, you would like to have the
biceps, right? Which is normally one of
the things that were most often asked of him,
as I say, to the Afit Eliostrap
Wop, which has always come out normally
with that kind of bit accessory. AND
besides we have a total of five
sensors. The first would be the sensor
optical, which as I told you shares with the
Pirbis Inspire 3 and some other model
bracelet that I don't remember right now but
basic, but everyone has, let's say, this one
same this same type of sensors,
OK? It's not that this one is releasing it
Fitbit Air. Secondly, oxygen
in blood that this one is also going to give us
fact, the bracelet itself. We don't have that
yes, electrocardiogram, forget it here.
Then we have both the accelerometer, the
gyroscope and then a thermometer that we
it will measure the variation of the skin.
What is this going to be used for? For
measure our temperature and comfort
while we are sleeping. First
place and thus give us more metrics
advanced. And secondly too
for menstruation. Women when
they will get the period they are capable of
tell him with some advance notice
function of small variations that exist
in skin temperature when well
the cycle is going to come. Well this is it
quite useful. They put it here
also in the sensors of this Fitbit.
We will have to see, in my case, just to
the theme of the dream, but we will have to see
how it works. It does not have an altimeter or
barometer, it doesn't come with GPS either, okay?
But this is not a criticism, that is, it is
more or less normal. What you do have
what to keep in mind is that if you want
this eh bracelet at the end for what you
it will help if you want to go running
with her, if you want to go out and do
hiking, cycling, whatever you're going to do
being able to do is detect you
automatically the activity and then
I counted it for you and told you the rhythm
cardiac. That is, upon detecting that
you are, for example, running, well
start measuring yourself more frequently
heart rate, right? It also measures you
steps, cadence, etc., but you don't
measure GPS. If you want to have control
of the location, of the positioning, of
the speed and more accurately
also the mileage you do, you will
having to start the activity
directly in Google Health or
directly through Strava and put
as an accountant for this bracelet
because Strava and Google Health have
directly compatibility, okay? But
really what I see as most interesting
with the presentation of this Google Air,
although I tell you, it is not just exclusive
for her, it can be done with
anyone, I thought at first
yes, if you have a Pixel Watch 4, of course
once done you can try it, a Pixel
Watch 3, you also download the
google Health app, you pay it
la, well, I think there are two months huh
free to try it, okay? But
basically it is having Yemini integrated and
already drinking directly from the data
what it collects from your bracelet or from you
smartwatch to go that way
advising you. For example, I want
run x distance in x time, x days,
well, it makes you a parameter, right? Or you
he does a series of training sessions, but
suddenly you feel more tired
you notice that you have slept less or him
it directly detects it. You tell him,
"Hey, reprogram me. Today because
I feel very tired. What can I do
so as not to lose, let's say, the day of
training? to condition it,
let's say, to the conditions, right? What
have. Well, theoretically everything
he's going to give you this. Apart too
advice on both nutrition and
health tips on how to sleep better.
All of these are features that, like
I tell you, we have in Health Premium.
In normal Health it will give us the
basic sleep and rhythm data
cardiac, etcetera, etcetera, everything
that would come normally. Yeah
we want to get the full potential out of it
final a la parte de que Google esté
detrás de este proyecto y toda la parte
de inteligencia artificial y Gemini,
tenemos que pasar por caja, bueno, esos
dos meses no que tienes gratuitos al
principio, pero ya os cont, por cierto,
los datos van directamente a los
servidores de Google, ¿vale? Google eh
tiene, digamos, en la propia web cuando
he comprado la pulsera pone que
teóricamente no va a entrenar ya, no va
a entrenar, digamos, nada, ni va a
servirse de esos datos para tampoco la
parte publicitaria ni nada. Han sido muy
cuidadosos y muy cautelosos con ese
tema, como viendo venir la perspicacia
de algún usuario y lo han dejado ahí
claro en la web. Desde luego un
dispositivo superinesante que ya os
digo, analizaré por aquí por el canal,
le daré semanas de uso y os contaré más
por aquí porque no me cabe ninguna duda
that he is the great competitor of the UP
that little by little or that little by little it has gone
gaining many fans and a lot of people
also to open a new market because
before the Woup there really were no marks
he had set his sights on doing what this is
in quotes so simple. Me
I would love to know what you think, if you
that you are watching the video there from him
another side, that you left it down here
in the comments, subscribe
and you hit the bell to support
this type of content. A like
also to help it reach more
people. A hug and see you in it
next video.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eA8cVuM3cw8&t=33s
Is Fitbit Air the best fitness tracker for the
price point? We're about to find out. Hey friends,
I'm Tasia Custode and Google sent me the all new
Fitbit Air to test for you. And I've been testing
Fitbit Air along with Google Health Coach for
just over 2 weeks now. And I've been testing it
in a couple of different ways. I've been comparing
it along with my old Apple Watch and with my Pixel
Watch 4. All of this in concert with the Google
Health app and Google Health Coach. I've been
putting it through its paces to give you the most
accurate and thorough review. So, can Fitbit Air
live up to the big kids on the block in terms of a
reliable fitness tracker? We're about to find out.
And we're going to start with a quick review, but
important review of the specs. You may very well
know by now that Google Fitbit Air is, well, a
smart bracelet of sorts designed for comfort and
wearability. It's a super slim, feather light,
screenless design with a band. It weighs just
about 12 g. I'm telling you, it really does feel
very light on the wrist, and you can swap bands
really easily. To do so, you just gently push on
the Pebble device itself to pop it out from the
band. You can see and feel how small and light
the Pebble really is. It's just 5 g. Then, you
can pop that Pebble back into the new band. You'll
actually hear a snap and you'll feel it lock into
place. There's even a little line there. It really
couldn't be easier. And regardless of the band,
the Google Fitbit Air does pack a lot of punch
in its lightweight size. It is water resistant,
by the way, up to 50 meters, but you're definitely
going to want to dry the band after getting it
wet. And speaking of bands, I actually don't
typically work out in this performance loop
band. It's a material design and you really do
need to keep it clean. So, if you sweat a lot,
I would move over to the active band. By the way,
Google says you can clean this band with fresh
water and hypoallergenic soap if necessary. But,
I do find it easier to clean the active band. So,
that's what I've been using to work out and then
I just switch back to my performance band. And by
the way, this colorway that I have is fog and
I just love it. There are a couple of other
bands as well, but let's move on to everything
Fitbit Air will do for you at a base level with
no subscription. Just you've made the purchase
and this is what you get right out of the box.
For comparison, Whoop is $50, but then you need
a $300 a year subscription for it to do well,
actually anything. It's essentially a brick if you
don't have the subscription. Whereas with Fitbit
Air, it's $99 for the device, but you get step
tracking, 24/7 heart rate tracking, so you can get
notified if your heart rates above or below your
typical range. There's sleep tracking, there's
calorie tracking, and your health and wellness
logging. You can actually find everything that's
included with Fitbit Air in the Google Health
app, which I'm going to touch on later, along
with what a premium subscription gets you. And
at least as of right now, you get three months of
Google Health Premium with the purchase of Fitbit
Air. So that means three months of Google Health
Coach. And Fitbit Air and Google Health app work
on both Android and iOS. So it's a great option
for those of us with an iPhone or even an Apple
Watch. We can indeed use the Google Health app to
track everything we need right on device. Plus,
the Google Health app syncs with Apple Health,
which I'm going to touch a little bit more on
later. Any screens you'll see today are from the
Health app on iOS, but things function in the same
way on Android. But this cross-platform capability
is really one of Fitbit Air's standout strengths
because it's not about necessarily replacing a
current device that you have, whether you have
an Apple Watch or a Garmin or a Pixel Watch or
what have you. It's about working in concert with
what you already have or working by itself. The
idea is to work cohesively in the environment
you're already in. or you could simply choose
to have Fitbit Air as your solo device if you
want something completely distraction-f free to
track your activity in the background for you. So,
let's talk a little bit more about how Fitbit Air
complements your existing wearable. In terms of
automatic activity detection and the accuracy of
the tracking so far, my favorite feature of Fitbit
Air besides its lightweight, comfortable design,
is that automatic activity detection. It'll
track your exercise sessions seamlessly in the
background without you needing to do anything,
which of course it has to because well there is
no screen. Now you can of course manually start a
workout from Pixel Watch or from the Google Health
app, but I have been testing this both ways and I
have to say the accuracy of the automatic activity
detection has been quite impressive so far. So
when I've been going for walks, I'll just let
it do its thing. I don't manually track that I'm
walking. What's nice about the Google Health app
is that shortly after the activity's ended, it
sends a notification regarding the activity it
logged. Now, if it is inaccurate or you want
to label the activity as a different workout,
you do have the ability to do so in app. But like
I said, it's been nailing that automatic activity
detection for me, if not somewhat delayed
sometimes. So, depending on the activity,
it's pretty normal what I've noticed for it
to take anywhere from 20 to sometimes even 40
minutes for that activity to come through. but
it does come through. There are even times when
I've been bike riding or did a strength training
workout and I didn't think it had tracked because
I didn't actually get a notification right away.
But lo and behold, it did indeed track for me. So,
here's what I mean. Heading into that fitness tab
in the Google Health app, I can actually see that
it has indeed logged my workouts automatically.
And it's nice that it even shows me how the
activity was logged. So, what was the source?
So, as an example here, this one was from Apple
Health. And then you can see this one here was
Fitbit Air only. And then this one here was Pixel
Watch. And then of course, like I mentioned, you
can add further details for more accurate tracking
if you like. And in terms of that accuracy of
activity logged, you know, we're talking things
like heart rate monitor and calories burned.
Whether I set up a workout via the app or Pixel
Watch 4 or Apple Watch, all the activity stats
logged, I've noticed, are nearly exactly on par
with both Apple Watch and Pixel Watch 4 in terms
of accuracy for my heart rate and calories burned
during the exercise. I've been really happy
with the seamless tracking of Fitbit Air. And
while we're on the topic of tracking, let's talk
about sleep tracking. Because my biggest beef,
if you will, about any of these wearables is that
they're too bulky to wear to bed. I don't even
sleep with any jewelry on, let alone a ginormous
watch. What can I say? I'm a side sleeper and no,
I don't have a smart ring. So, I've essentially
never been able to track my sleep. So, I was
a little bit skeptical going in that I'd be able
to go from nothing to wearing anything, no matter
how light to bed. But, I have to say I have been
wearing this every single night for over 2 weeks
to bed and I completely forget that it's there.
Side sleeping and all. This alone has been a game
changer for me to have something to actually track
my sleep at night. What's nice with Google Health
app is that you can set an alarm for Fitbit Air
as well. So, I like doing this if I have something
really important going on and I need to make sure
I've set a second alarm. I could use Fitbit Air as
that second alarm. It's going to enable a silent
vibrating alarm. And then in order to wake up,
you know, maybe feeling your most refreshed, you
can actually enable Smartwake for an alarm in the
app. So, this uses your sleep movement and heart
rate to trigger a gentle vibration when you're
maybe in a lighter stage of sleep up to 30 minutes
before your scheduled alarm time. I actually just
toggle this on because I tend to kind of start
waking up a little bit before my alarm anyway
and then I very silly decide to stay in bed. I'm
just going to sleep that extra 15 minutes and it
never works out well because then I wake up more
tired than I was the first time I had woken up. I
should just gotten out of the bed. So, I'm trying
to avoid that with Smartwake. So, I will keep you
posted in a future video if and when it works
for me. Now, in terms of the accuracy of sleep
tracking, because it's not really like I have
something I could compare it to from the past,
I'm not really sure how accurate it is because
sometimes I feel like I haven't slept as well
as it's telling me I've slept. But luckily, I can
pop into the Google Health app and I simply talk
to Google Health Coach about that. But before we
jump into Health Coach, let's talk about battery
life. I have been wearing Google Fitbit Air for
exactly two weeks and two days now as the day I
am shooting this very video and I have charged
my Fitbit Air twice and that's only because I
was going on two different trips and I wanted to
make sure I didn't have to bring the charger with
me. So, I gave it a quick zap before I left. When
Google says this device will hold its charge for 7
days, they're not lying. Now, like I mentioned,
I've been really travelheavy for 2 weeks. So,
my schedule is off from normal, but it's been
really nice not having to take a charger for
Fitbit Air with me on my trips, each of which
were under 4 days of travel each. And not to sound
like a broken record here, but I've been wearing
Fitbit Air literally every single day. All day,
every day. And the only time I take it off is
when I'm in the shower, which is a perfect time
to charge it. I've done all my workouts with it
on and I typically work out five days a week.
I'm talking actual dedicated strength training
workouts 5 days a week on top of maybe bike riding
or walking the dog and whatnot. And I did notice
the battery is slightly more drained on really
heavy or long workout weeks, but I was still
getting 6 to 7 days even in those longer weeks
and with all of my travel and work commitments.
So, typically what I've noticed with my use is
that at the end of about 5 days, I'm still sitting
anywhere from 55 to 65% battery, which would mean
more than a week's worth of charge. And Fitbit
Air is also fast charging. So, in just about 5
minutes, you'll get a full day of charge for
Fitbit Air. If you leave it on 90 minutes,
it'll go from zero, completely dead, to fully
charged. When you have 1 day remaining of battery,
you will get a push notification letting you know
it's time to charge the device. Plus, the device
itself will also notify you with a vibration if
it's less than 20% remaining for the charge. And
there's also an LED indicator as well. Firmly
double tap the device to see the status light.
White is over 20%, blinking red means less than
20%, and solid red means she's got no life. And
I do mean you have to firmly tap the device. So,
battery life is a big win for me. But as promised,
let's talk about Google Health Coach because this
comes with Google Fitbit premium. And by the way,
if you want to learn more about the Google Health
app in general, you can do so by watching this
video right here. But premium members will get
access to a Gemini powered AI health coach.
Google Health Coach delivers personalized guidance
tailored to you and your needs, no matter how they
change over time. And this goes beyond adaptive
fitness plans. This isn't just tracking. It's
really about smart evolving fitness strategies
designed for your unique lifestyle. I've noticed
that Health Coach really dials in on how you're
feeling in that day, what you need to get done,
what you did the day previously. Essentially, it
encompasses everything from workout intensity to
your overall well-being and rest. So, as an
example, May 20th was the day after a very
busy Google IO. I had every intention of getting
in an early workout before crushing another day
at Google Shoreline campus. But I woke up feeling
well kind of sore and kind of tired even though
I did get about eight hours of sleep. Take a look
at what Google Health Coach told me literally that
I've needed a breather. It told me why I needed
to give my body a rest and that my resting heart
rate was higher than normal throughout the night.
Probably because my nervous system was working
through the busy day still. And then it suggested
what I could do instead of a heavy workout. I'm
telling you, I do not like missing workouts.
But as I was testing this for you and for me,
I decided to listen to my Google health coach
and the strangest thing happened. I actually
found myself feeling better as the day went on. I
had more energy. I was less sore. I actually had
an incredibly productive day with less lingering
fatigue. I think the biggest difference for me is
that it was telling me why I needed the rest. So
after I crushed the workday, I went for a light
bike ride and coach let me know what a smart
decision that was for my recovery. And this is
all happening because I'm sharing my habits and
my personal routines with this AI coach. And then
it's adapting to my lifestyle. So you'll most
likely get very different AI coaching than me,
then the next person, and so on because it is
indeed tailored exactly to you and your needs,
what you need in the moment and for your
lifestyle goals. I found coach really
helpful so far and it's only been like I said two
weeks and two days. The more you work with coach,
the more you share with coach, the longer you wear
the device, the better the results. To give you
another quick example, remember I told you I've
been traveling a little more than usual these
last couple of weeks. Well, my sleep has kind of
been all over the place. My movement's been all
over the place and coach noticed. So, I got some
information here about my shifting bedtime and
how this can affect my internal clock. And then
I can follow up here with Google Health Coach
in a couple of different ways. Because the health
coach is available 24/7, I can tap that ask coach
button in the bottom right and chat with coach
about literally anything. Or in this case, I can
tap on reply and let coach know why my schedule
is so off and what I'm anticipating with further
travel as well. My coach then gets to work. And it
actually gave me a pretty comprehensive plan for
how to stay on track through the travel so that
I'm good to tackle Wednesday when I get back,
which is today by the way, which we both know
I'm slaying. But you can see how easy it is to
follow up with your health coach. So in this
interaction, coach, let me know. It's going
to monitor my sleep schedule. And continuing a
chat with your health coach is always a tap away.
One of the things I noticed right away with Google
Health Coach is that it's been very positive with
me. It's been gentle, if you will. So, Google must
have done some type of research on maybe positive
reinforcement or positive motivation. And I have
to say, I'm here for it. Not once has Google
Health Coach shamed me for not getting enough
steps or my sleep being off or my travel schedule
being crazy. Not once. And by the way, the initial
setup of Google Health Coach took me literally
less than 5 minutes. So, it's not something
that you have to dedicate a ton of time to,
but there's obviously a lot you can do with Coach,
including the ability to snap a photo of what you
ate and have your coach log the meal complete
with nutrition facts, which I mean, come on,
it can't get any easier. And Coach will even
recommend custom workouts for you in the app.
And again, this is all about providing a more
well-rounded, holistic experience. Remember,
Google Health Coach is for premium members and
everything's optin. You don't have to use it
if you don't want to. I think the real strength
with Google Health Coach here is accessibility.
Meaning, if you're somebody that can't afford a
personal trainer, but could really benefit from
a little more tailored guidance about an overall
holistic approach to your lifestyle, Google Health
Coach is a real win. So, at the risk of us being
together here all day talking about Fitbit Air,
do I think that Fitbit Air is really one of the
best wearables for the price point? Yes. In fact,
I would argue that Fitbit Air is well-rounded
enough and has enough of a robust feature set
to take on even some of the bigger players. I've
really tried to find a bunch of negatives or
things that went wrong or that I didn't like while
testing, and I really couldn't come up with much.
The only thing I would like that I think could be
improved upon. I really wish we had a universal
charger. I don't know how this would be possible,
but that's what I'd like to see. It's not the
biggest deal because the battery life, as we've
seen, is easily a week, but just something to
think about. Now, in terms of positives,
if you've stuck it through to this point,
there are many. I'm so happy with the lightweight,
distractionfree design, the battery life that
allows me to take it on long weekend trips with
no charger, that automatic activity detection,
and the accuracy of the tracking. It's been
spoton, and I really didn't think I would like
or use Google Health Coach as much as I do, but
I'm really here for that positive reinforcement.
And the biggest win for me is Fitbit Air working
in concert with other devices, whether that be
Pixel Watch 4, Garmin, or Apple Watch. It really
makes this experience not just cohesive, but
really frictionless. It's a quick, seamless setup
go. So, when I think about who Fitbit Air is for,
it's kind of wide ranging, to be honest. It's
maybe for your parents that are brand new to any
wearable device and just need something they can
quickly set up and forget about. Easy peasy, done.
Maybe it's for someone like me or you that works
across platform and you just want something that
syncs with the platform in which you already live
and breathe. Again, easy, seamless. Or maybe you
yourself are new to wearables or you just want to
have a single lightweight distraction-free device
that you can travel with without worrying about
bringing along chargers. Whatever the reason,
from the inapp experience to the wearability,
Fitbit Air is a winner winner chicken dinner.
And now I want to hear from you. What do you
think of Fitbit Air? Will you snag one? And
what do you think of Google Health Coach? Let
everyone know in the comments below. As always,
thank you so much for watching. If you like this
video, well, I want to know. So, give it a like,
a share, or leave that comment below. You can
click right about here to subscribe to my channel
and here and here for even more content just like
this. Thanks for watching. See you next time.


