https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jFu1G73z1s
What I have right here is the allnew
Google Fitbit Air. I got some tips and
tricks I want to share with you. I
noticed a lot of people always
overlooked. So, from everything from
making sure you're getting the correct
step count whenever you're pushing a
shopping cart at Costco or pushing the
scroller, here's all the amazing tips
and tricks you need to know for those
who are using the allnew Fitbit Air. And
of course, timestamps, all this stuff
will be in the description down below
for your pleasure. I'm going to go ahead
and start off with the number one
complaint I've been seeing a lot,
especially on like content creator
reviews, and that is the built-in
vibration motor. By default, it's
actually set to low. And to increase the
aggressiveness, there's a setting you
need to manually turn on, and it's kind
of weird. You'll see what I mean. So, in
order to have access to this vibration
setting, tap on your devices right here
on the top left. It's the same exact
thing on the Android side, too. that
little top left. You'll tap there to
collect your device. Select the Fitbit
Air. And from here, just tap on device
preference. And you'll notice on top you
have vibration settings. Again, for some
reason, by default, it's set to low.
Change to the high. And now, you'll
definitely feel the alarm vibrating your
wrist when it's time to wake you up. And
then here, you can decide to turn that
off if you just don't want it to happen.
Anyways, now since we're talking about
vibration settings, the only vibration
benefits that this thing can do is wake
you up for your sleep schedules. You can
set custom alarms as well. So, let me
quickly show you for those that are
unfamiliar.
Select the sleep section and just go all
the way down to the very bottom where it
says Fitbit Air alarms. Manage alarms.
Enable this. Tap the plus. And then
here's where you could create your
custom alarms. Monday through Friday.
You can select certain days if you want
to.
Or you could just enable smart awake
with your time schedules you selected.
By having smart awake enabled, it'll
wake you up during the most appropriate
time frames during your rim sleep. So if
you're on the very low-end rim sleep,
it'll wake you up earlier. This way you
actually wake up wide awake, not waking
up feeling tired. You know, that's what
Smart Awake allows you to do. And just
tap save and you're set. Now, the cool
thing about the Fitbit Air is that it
does not rely on your phone as long as
you don't need GPS. But built into this
device has enough storage to store your
data for up to 7 days. So, if you end up
having your phone like on airplane mode
or you turn it off or you just forgot to
bring it with you, no need to fear. 7day
storage is built into this device. And
then once you have access to your
smartphone, launch the app and it'll
automatically sync the progress on top
right here. Sometimes it'll show it,
sometimes it won't. Now, the cool thing
about this band is you could actually
remove
the little pod. They're calling it
pebble or something like that. That's
what Google's naming this thing. But
every once in a while, it's good to
remove this like once a week and just
clean up,
especially if you're somebody who sweats
a lot while you're training or working
out. And then pretty soon, keep your eye
on the third party market because I'm
sure a lot of thirdparty development
companies will start developing better
bands than the standard one from Google.
But Google does have some additional
ones you can select from if you want to
switch up the design. But later on,
you'll be able to probably get like an
armband. This way, when you're pushing
the scroller or pushing a shopping cart
at Costco, you'll still be able to track
your steps even while your hands are
stationary. But the trick I've been
seeing a lot of people do lately online
is putting this on their ankle in the
meantime
because this part right here,
it may not look like it, but this does
fully come off, making it easier to use
to wrap over your ankle
and put it on your ankle. This way, when
you're shopping, the tracker is on your
ankle. Perfect when you're walking on a
stationary treadmill, like on your
rising dust, as an example. This way,
it's guaranteed to keep tracks of your
steps. Now, the only drawback about
doing it this way is that the sensor is
optimized to be used on your wrists. So,
the blood oxygen sensor and reading
stuff like that, your O2 might be kind
of off, but not by a whole lot. But once
the important stuff is over, your step
tracking, just be sure to remove this
and just put it back on your wrist. Now,
real quick, folks, if you've been
enjoying this video so far, found this
video informative and useful, if you
could kindly take two seconds to hit
that like button and like, that truly
does help out the channel as that allows
the channel to be fully powered by you
guys, the viewers, which is why you
don't see brand sponsorship segments on
this channel, taking like a minute or
two off your time. Thanks to you guys
for just hitting the like button, like
really does allow this channel to be
fully independently powered and away
from brand sponsorships. So, thank you
so much for those that took the time on
doing that. Let's carry on. So, back on
the app. The app is fairly customizable.
I do have the premium version. I'll talk
talk more about that in a little bit how
I feel about it. But tap the pencil icon
to always customize like the shortcuts
you want to see on top right here. So
like you don't care about your calories,
but you do care about your sleeping, you
can just remove that. And then you could
replace it with like your floors, your
activity zone. So it is somewhat
customizable. Right here on your focus
tab, you go to the next toggles. You can
remove them. If you want to move certain
ones to be closer, you could easily do
so like that. And then just tap save.
So, you do have some customization
abilities right here. And then on the
health tab, you could do the exact same
thing. Tap customize. You could
customize the key metrics you like to
see and the ones you really don't care
about and swap them. And then if you go
down, you could add some new additional
ones like your hydration levels or floor
distance that you travel for the day.
But now, let's talk about the premium
version. So there is a subscription
totally optional. If you want to know my
personal opinion, it's not necessary.
All the cool features, the necessary
features you expect to find on the van
is given to you for free. The only
benefits with the subscription version
going with the premium is that you have
access to AI. But as you clearly read,
AI is kind of u what's the word?
Obvious. Captain obvious. Uh sometimes
when I get less than 8 hours of sleep,
it'll tell me you slept less, which
means you slept less during your sleep.
It's like it's not necessary. It's just
a gimmick in my opinion. It's cool that
you could chat with it when you hit ask
coach and gives you examples right here
like, "Hey, I'm training for a some type
of 5k mile run or something like that as
an example. Help me out or what advice
you got." It's no different than just
using Chad GBT. So, it's honestly not
necessary. But if you like to try it, I
got it for free because when you first
launch the app and you don't have the
premium version, it's going to prompt
you if you like to subscribe. If you say
no thanks, another free trial will pop
up saying we'll give it to you for 3
months. And if you say no thanks again,
it's going to get it's going to now say
we'll give it to you for 30 days for
free. No credit card necessary. And from
there, you could accept or deny. Uh, so
that's how I got the premium version for
free. It may work for you. It could vary
on the person as well as the region and
the account and such, but that's how I
was able to get it for free for 30 days
for me to test it out, but honestly, it
just clutter just makes my dashboard
more cluttered up cuz right here a bunch
of nonsense and I have to scroll down to
actually see the important information
down here. So, that's a tip right there.
And then if you have both an iPhone or
an Android phone, if you log into your
same Gmail account, it will synchronize
the data between your two devices. So
even though it's paired to my iPhone, I
can still manage and see the information
right here on the Android side of
things. So I think that's kind of cool.
But it will always be paired and
synchronize the data from the Fitbit Air
to the paired iPhone
and then it'll synchronize on my across
my other Google devices. Additionally,
if you're using like a smartwatch and
you're using the Fitbit Air, the two
will actually correlate with one
another. So, all the steps you're taking
on the Apple Watch will get added on the
Google account. Just however, the sleep
tracking on the Google Fitbit error will
not be like imported on the Apple Watch
type thing. So, that's something to keep
in mind. But if you like to synchronize
the two and it's not working for you,
it's really easy to make sure that your
two devices, the Apple Health app as
well as Google are communicating with
one another. Select this device one more
time. Select app and services and then
from here you'll see Apple Health. Tap
on here and just give it access to all
the data. This way those two apps can
easily communicate with one another. But
it's only the Apple that can override
the Google. The Google cannot override a
Apple. It's just one thing to keep in
mind. It works similarly with the Pixel
side of things as well in case you're
using the Pixel watch. And then if
you're a woman who likes to track their
men menstrual and then for females and
then for women, yes, you can track
menstrual cycles on this app as well.
But from my understanding, it's not as
predictable like Apple is with the Apple
Health app. Which is why I think it's
best to run both the smartwatch and the
Fitbit Air and just take off your
smartwatch if you're somebody who
doesn't like sleeping with it on cuz
this is much lighter and easier to sleep
with on your wrist than the Apple Watch
in my opinion. Even with the smaller SE
model, I still end up unconsciously
taking it off during my sleep. This
actually did stay fade on. Aside from
that, now you are informed how to use
the Fitbit Air to its full potential.
This way, you're actually taking full
advantage of this amazing hardware
that's on your wrist when it comes to
tracking. Now, if you enjoyed, like to
watch more, make sure to check out this
video over there where I go through my
favorite tips and tricks and hidden
features that you can do on an iPhone
such as scanning documents as well as
receipts. Super efficient. I show you
some cool tips and tricks in that video
over there to make your life so much
easier. Anyways, thank you so much for
watching.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMVJP5WLxC4&t=56s
Good morning. Today I want to do a
scientific and systematic comparison of
the Fitbit Air to the Whoopstrap to help
you decide which of these devices is
best for you. Now, this will be
partially based on data and systematic
testing and partially based on the
features and app experience because I
think both of these aspects should weigh
in your decision about which device to
get and that also includes things like
price, battery life, and all features.
but of course also on a lot of data. So
systematic testing to see how good the
heart rate tracking performance is, how
good the sleep stage tracking is and
also what kind of metrics come out of
these devices. But to start, I actually
want to show you the morning experience
of these devices. So I have not opened
their apps yet today and I just want to
see first thing when I open these
devices in the morning, what is the
experience like and what do they
recommend to me? So this would be really
the opening screens side by side. Now
both of them have some scores up front
here on top. For Whoop, it's my sleep
score, my recovery score, and my strain
score. The strain score is something I
use a lot where you're basically aiming
to get a certain amount of strain each
day, which is your optimum, which is if
you fill this up until this white bar
for Google. On the other hand, we have
readiness, which is sort of a recovery,
our total steps, and our sleep and sleep
score. So we can click on that. The
sleep score is 86 in this case. And then
there's my weekly cardio. So this is a
weekly view instead of a daily view.
Whether you like it or not is very
personal. I somewhat prefer daily views
because I do quite a lot of exercise.
Then a daily view makes more sense. If
you don't do as much exercise, a weekly
view actually makes some sense. And then
what I don't particularly like is this
big block of text here on the bottom.
This could be used a little bit better.
It's okay. It says, "My sleep quality
was great, but my timing was shifted." I
think if they would just show this title
with two lines of text, that would be
good enough. I don't need this entire
part. And then they could optimize that
a little bit. And then if we go right
here, there are some other metrics. I
focus on these a little bit less, but it
works. So this is my morning view. Both
seem to indicate I'm relatively ready to
work out, which is also what I feel
like. And the apps aren't that
dissimilar initially, though. The big
difference is there's a big blog of text
right here where there's more
information here. Still though it's
relatively light on information even for
the Whoop strap. Hi there, Rob from the
future here. While I was editing I
realized I forgot to say two things. So
let's mention those quickly. The first
is that one other thing I always look at
is my health monitor with the Whoop app.
So here you have five basic metrics to
see if they are in the sort of normal
range that you expect them to be. And
these outliers could indicate something
is wrong. either you're getting sick,
maybe you overtrained or trained a lot,
so maybe you shouldn't work out that
hard. So today these are in range and we
actually have something similar here for
the Google health app. So they have a
vital status. So they have five metrics
as well basically the same metrics. I
think there is basically no difference
between them and indeed for both of them
they are in range. So, both my
respiratory rate or breathing rate,
oxygen saturation, resting heart rate,
heart rate variability, and skin
temperature. They're even in the same
order. I'm not saying Google copied what
Whoop did, but they just happen to be in
the same order. And of course, this
vitals name is very similar to the
vitals app of the Apple Watch, which
does more or less the same thing. And
then there's a bunch of other key
metrics down here also shown. This is
quite a lot of information. I like this,
but in general, I would mostly focus on
these in the morning. So, both of them
have similar metrics. They're a bit more
upfront here in the Whoop app, which I
do like. And in general, what I wanted
to mention is the Google Health app is
very textheavy. That is probably because
they tried to integrate a large language
model into the app. I respond better to
graphs. I said this in an earlier video
as well. Whereas for Whoop, this is a
little bit less. So, here in the home
screen, we have one piece of text which
said lower heart rate variability, which
actually want to be high. And this to me
is helpful. Okay, I know my heart rate
variability is on the lower side. Still,
if I look at my vitals, it's still in a
sort of good range. It's near 65. So,
not exactly at my normal range. So, in
that sense, Whoop takes a bit of a
different approach. Less text and a bit
more focus on what you directly can act
on. Whereas for Google, there's a bit
more text. And some people will actually
like this. So, this is just what I
wanted to share. Let's get back to past
Rob. So, let's take a look at the sleep
stage tracking first, which will compare
against the Zmax EG headband, which is
an EEG headband that can measure my
brain waves and was specifically
designed for sleep stage tracking. So,
that will be our reference, and we'll
see how good the Google Fitbit Air and
the Whoopstrap compared to that. Okay,
so that was a ton more work than I
expected. that actually reanalyzed all
the Whoopstrap data to include data over
4 months from 2025 to somewhere in 2026
to have the most updated data. This
means I have many more nights of data
for the Whoopstrap than I have for the
Fitbit Air. But I still think the
results are super interesting. So let's
take a look together. So let's start
actually with the Whoopstrap. Now on top
here we have the reference device. So
the reference device measure deep sleep,
light sleep, m ram sleep. This is sort
of a silver standard, not polymography
where you measure many brain waves all
across your head, but just a few select
ones and your eye movements. And on the
left here, we have the sleep stages as
measured by the whoop strap. And if the
two would perfectly agree, all values on
the diagonal right here should be 100%.
Now first of all we see that about 82%
of was deep sleep according to the
reference device was also deep sleep
according to the whoopstrap. So deep
sleep agreement in that sense is very
good. However light sleep agreement is
not the absolute best. So only 60% of
what was light sleep according to the
reference was also light sleep according
to the whoop strap. It basically means
that the whoop strap detects too much
deep sleep and too much REM sleep. So it
detects some extra of both of those. But
what was RAM sleep was detected
correctly 83% of the time. So that's
also really good compared to the
competition. So what it seems like is
that the Whoopstrap mostly correctly
detects deep sleep as deep sleep and RAM
sleep as RAM sleep. But it detects some
other RAM sleep and deep sleep. Now
compared to most of the competition,
this is actually very good. But the
Fitbit Air actually has a different kind
of profile, I would say. So deep sleep
agreement for those few nights I could
test it was very good at about an 87%
agreement. Light sleep was also very
good at about an 80% agreement and REM
sleep was actually quite a bit worse at
a 72% agreement. So it's missing quite a
bit of the REM sleep. So it's a very
different kind of profile compared to
the Whoopstrap which actually has a
problem with light sleep. So it's
detecting too much of deep and RAM.
Whereas I would say potentially for me
at least the Fibbit Air detects slightly
too little RAM sleep. It's still very
good as well. So both of them are really
great performers. And we can actually
test that by comparing it to the
competition which is displayed right
here. So we use that average
sensitivity. So the average of those
three values along the horizontal axis
and the worst out of the three sleep
stages along the vertical axis because I
want the device to be good at all three
sleep stages. And we have the top
devices here on the top right. And we
can see that this does include both the
Fitbit Air and the new testing of the
Whoopstrap. The overall the Fitbit Air
along the horizontal axis on average is
a bit better, but especially along the
vertical axis, there's a big difference.
Now, this is my original testing of the
Whoop Strap in 2025. They're super close
to each other, so don't expect a big
difference there. This is probably just
testing variation. But again, the main
thing here is this difference between
the worst sleep stage. So the worst
sleep stage for the Whoopstrap in my
testing was light sleep at 60%. Whereas
the Fibbit Air still had a 72 or 71%
agreement for REM sleep. So that was its
worst sleep stage. Overall though, both
are amongst the top five performers. Now
regular viewers will notice the top five
performers are Whoop, Google/ Fitbit, so
the two we're looking at today. Then
there's Apple, the Aura Ring, so one of
the other top performers. And finally,
the EightLe Pod, which is my favorite
sleep improvement device. It's super
expensive though, but if you want to try
it out, that's actually a cooling and
heating system for your bed. So,
actually, your mattress and your cover.
So, both of those get set to your ideal
temperature and your partner can set her
or his temperature independently. And it
tracks your sleep without wearing
anything on your body. But, it's super
expensive though. But if you want to try
it out and get the best discount
possible, there is an affiliate link up
here or down here. But getting back to
the Fitbit Air and the Whoopstrap, I
would say both of them are doing really
well. Probably the Fitbit Air is
slightly better at sleep stage tracking.
However, both have their strengths and
weaknesses, though I do expect both of
them would be good enough for most
people out there if my testing results
translate to other people. So, both of
them are just doing really well,
honestly, especially compared to the
competition. So all these devices here
were doing worse than both the Fivet Air
and the Whoopstrap. So I can definitely
recommend both of them for sleep stage
tracking, but at least on me, they do
appear to have slightly different
characteristics. So that's the sleep
stage tracking. I hope this was
informative. Let's now take a look at
the heart rate tracking performance of
both. But before looking at that data, I
actually want to go on a run right now.
So we're also going to look at that
specific data and then also all the data
I've collected so far. But before doing
that and I'm really curious what both of
these sort of coaches recommend I do in
terms of my long run today. So they both
have this chat interface. They also give
you some summary in your morning. So as
your coach I can help you where Whoop
immediately dives into some data here
where they say I'm ready for what
today's training is. So I will ask it I
want to do a run today for my marathon
training. What length of run do you
recommend? So here in terms of
experience I get a lot more text with
the coach from Google but overall the
recommendation is more or less the same.
Google recommends maybe a 10 km effort
today whereas Whoop recommends probably
10 to 13 but 6 to 8 is also a
possibility. Let's go for at least 13k.
So Whoop here recommends a normal
conversational run whereas
coach now recommends a 15 km run. So
let's aim for 14 to 15 km. It doesn't
really mention a specific pace here but
it does say to start on the slower side.
That was a very sweaty and hot run and
both seem to have performed well. I'll
quickly do the analysis to see how the
heart rate tracking performance of both
the Whoop strap and the Fitbit Air was.
And I think I sweated a lot and also
quickly tell you what my sweat estimate
was. It's unrelated to this video. Make
a full video about that soon, but I
think it's very cool. But it's time to
do the analysis and maybe take a shower.
Okay, I finished all the analysis and
we're going to do this in two steps.
First, we're going to look at the run
specifically that we just did now and
compare how the Fitbit Air compares to
the Whoops. And as a next step, we'll
take a look at a bunch of different
exercises like indoor cycling, outdoor
cycling, more runs, weightlifting, all
the good stuff. So, let's first take a
look at how the Fitbit Air did for this
run. So, we have the Fitbit Air here in
red and the reference device in blue
green. So the reference device is the
Polar H10 ECG chest trap which is one of
the most reliable ways of measuring
heart rate. And we can nicely see that
for all my intervals the Fibbit Air more
or less tracked my heart rate correctly.
There was one moment here where I
detected a too high heart rate and maybe
some tiny deviations in later moments
but really nothing big. And the Whoop
strap did more or less the same. I would
say some minor deviations sometimes but
really minor. I think both of them did a
really good job. Now, it was a very warm
run, meaning that the blood flow was
probably pretty good through my limbs,
but overall, this is very good
performance. But let's now actually take
a look at a lot of other exercises. Now,
what I did is I took the data for the
Wolf Strap from roughly the same period
as I had for the Fibbit Air. So, we're
comparing apples to apples, so in the
same time period. The only major
difference here is that I'm testing the
Whoop Strap on my biceps and the Fitbit
Air on my wrist. This is just how I use
the Whoop Strap on a daily basis. And my
top recommendation for how to use the
Whoop Strap. And if a biceps band had
existed for the Fitbit Air, I would also
have used it there. Unfortunately, that
just does not exist and is not yet
officially supported by Fitbit. Now,
before continuing, running this channel
next to my full-time job as a scientist
is neither easy or cheap. I pay my
editor Alex buy most devices myself and
of course I own many cameras at this
point which weren't free. So if you want
to support there's multiple ways of
doing that. I'll keep it very brief. The
easiest way is by using my general
Amazon affiliate link before making any
purchase. So make that your default way
of going to Amazon. You can even
bookmark it and then you support the
channel with each Amazon purchase which
doesn't cost you any extra. Now I also
have affiliate links for instance to the
Google Fitbit Air or the Whoop Strap or
the HD Pod. Of course, don't forget to
subscribe and like. I'm trying to get to
400,000 subscribers. But back to the
testing. So, let's take a look at how
the Fibbit did first for indoor cycling.
So, we see a very good agreement. So, we
have the reference device here along the
horizontal axis, the Fitbit Air along
the vertical axis, and we want the
points to be as close to the blue line
as possible because that means perfect
agreement. So, we have some minor
moments of deviation, but overall a
really high correlation. That is this R
value up here at 0.99. So a really good
job by the Fibbit Air. Now what about
the Whoop strap? This actually did a
little bit better purely based on
correlation. So this was a correlation
of 1.00 rounded. So super close to the
actual value of one. Though we see that
sometimes it measures a slightly too low
heart rate, but just by a few BPM.
Overall, I would say both of them are
doing an amazing job here. So for indoor
cycling, both of them did very well. Now
for running, we can actually take a
bunch more runs and that's displayed
right here. So this is the Fibbit Air
for all the runs I did so far where we
see more or less the same correlation as
we saw in my initial video of the Fib
Air because there's just one run added
to it now. Really good performance.
Slight deviation right here, otherwise
really good. And that correlation of
0.98 is the same correlation as we get
with the Whoopstrap. So also a
correlation of 0.98.
Basically similar performance though we
do see a little bit of deviation right
here and right here for the Whoops rep.
Also right here maybe in one short
moment. Overall roughly similar
performance. Again I would say both are
good enough and I would trust them to
track my heart rate for running. But
let's now move to more difficult
exercises. And the two most difficult
exercises are outdoor cycling,
especially commuting when there's a lot
of tension on my wrists and also
weightlifting, which also has a lot of
tension on my wrists. So, let's take a
look at first the Fibet Air For.
And we see especially some points here
below the blue line indicated that it
detected a too low heart rate in these
moments. So mostly a too low heart rate
sometimes. We saw that in my overview
plots in the full review of the Fibbit
Air as well. And if we then look at the
Whoop strap, this has more or less the
same problem. So a too low heart rate
sometimes even a bit more frequently
than the Fibbit Air. So we have a
correlation of 0.90 for the Whoopstrap
and 0.93 here for the Fibbit Air. still
roughly similar performance. It's sort
of okay, but not great. And then
finally, weightlifting. Let's take a
look at those results. Now,
weightlifting on the Fibbit Air had a
correlation of 0.87.
And especially here in the higher heart
rate range, there's a lot of points
below the blue line. And this is when
there's that tension on my wrist. And if
we compare this to the Whoop Strap, the
Whoop Strap potentially did a tiny bit
better. So it has a correlation of 0.95
in this case. However, we still see that
especially in the highest heart rate
range right here according to the
reference we get a much lower heart rate
according to the whoopstrap. So both of
them I would say are not doing good
enough. Now we can actually compare this
performance of both of them to the
competition. And I want to use a
slightly different overview from before.
So we're going to use that correlation
value here along the vertical axis. So,
we want the devices to be as far to the
top as possible. And we're going to look
at spinning, biking, running, and
weightlifting. So, each dot here is
another device. So, if we compare them
to the competition, starting off here
with the Fibbit Air, we can see that for
spinning, it did a good job. It's
amongst the top performers. So, many
devices are now doing well. So, it's
doing better than 63% of devices out
there. Now for biking outside that
correlation was lower at 0.93 but the
percentile remains the same. So it's
better than 63% of devices. For running
it's at the 74th percentile with a
correlation of 0.98. But for running and
spinning I would definitely say it's
good enough. And then for weightlifting
it's not great. It's somewhere in the
middle. So it's doing better than 50% of
devices but also worse than 50% of
devices. And if we then look at the
Whoop strap right here, we have a very
similar overview. Now, it's doing really
good for spinning, doing better than 81%
of the devices. For biking, it's
somewhere in the middle at the 50th
percentile. So, better and worse than
50% of devices. And for running, we had
a correlation of 0.98, which means it's
better than 67% of devices. for
weightlifting. Actually, based on
correlation, it also did a reasonable
job at roughly an 80% percentile,
meaning it's better than roughly four
out of five devices. I would say both of
them are pretty solid heart rate
trackers. They struggle a bit with
biking, but that's true for both of
them. And weightlifting is a thing I
wouldn't really recommend them for. So,
for cardio exercises, they're both doing
a decent job, but you can find better
heart rate trackers out there. I do
think that the Fit Air is probably a
little bit better at sleep stage
tracking though not by a mile and both
of them are amongst the top five brands
out there. So in that sense I cannot say
that I recommend the Fitbit Air a lot
over the Whoop strap. I just think it's
a little bit better in terms of sleep
stage tracking. Now for heart rate
tracking they're also very similar
though of course the Whoopstrap has the
benefit that it can be worn on the
biceps. probably it would do worse on
the wrist and given the fact that the
Fitbit Air is doing so well on the
wrist, I expect it to do even better on
the biceps, but there are just no biceps
band available at the moment and it's
not supported on the biceps. So that
means that probably the sleep stage
tracking might be worse actually on the
biceps. But again, if ever I find a
third-p party biceps band, I will test
that for sure. So in the end, it comes
down to the usability and the
functionality. Both are decent to good
heart rate trackers. Both are good sleep
stage trackers, but what can you do with
them? Well, for me personally, there's a
few factors that distinguish them, and I
tried to summarize them here. So, what I
love about the Whoopstrap is its battery
life. It has about a 14-day battery
life, and I really get to those numbers
roughly, whereas the Fitbit only has a
7day battery life. So, quite a bit
shorter, still pretty good, and it
charges pretty fast. So, it really
depends a bit on your charging habits.
The Whoop also has my favorite app of
the two. I think it's just a bit more
simple, a bit more usable, and I like it
more. I quickly get the information that
I need. Now, I have to admit, I'm used
to it as well, but I think for athletes
probably it's the more usable app. On
the other hand, Fitbit has much greater
app versatility. There's much more
options there also because you can
import data from other sources and it's
not purely reliant on just the data from
the Whoopstrap or the Fitbit Air in this
case, but it really allows for much more
flexibility in where the data comes
from. Now, the Whoopstrap has the
benefit for me of having a biceps band.
I can wear it under my clothing and
nobody would see it. It's a little bit
more hidden and I like that. And it also
leads to improved performance. And for
me, the main reason I keep using the
Whoopstrap is because of the
gamification. I like that age that
Whoops predicts, so your biological age.
It's really motivating for me that I can
improve this, that I can see
improvements and also feel better. So,
as I showed you before, here we have my
biological age, which sort of tries to
indicate how healthy you are. And
normally in science, if you would have
these kind of biological clocks, it
would actually be a prediction of what
you are most similar to in the general
population based on this specific data.
So that would mean if that's the same
interpretability here, is that my
fitness is the same as the average
25.7year-old
male. What I have to say, I'm not sure
how scientific this part of the
Whoopstrap is. I really think this is
sort of gamification and sort of
semi-scientific where the factors that
make up your age are shown to be
important like your sleep consistency,
your hours of sleep, your time in
certain heart rate zones, how much
strength training you do, how many steps
you take, your V2 max, your resting
heart rate, your lean body mass. All of
these are important factors, but exactly
how they combine them, I think, is just
a bit of in Dutch we say wet fingerwork.
doesn't sound so nice in English, but I
really think it's sort of a rough
estimation and it does help me stay
motivated because for instance, I've
been struggling in doing enough
weightlifting and this is motivating me
at least to keep it up for at least two
sessions a week. So overall, that is
what I like the gamification. But as I
said, it's also more limited than what
you get with Fitbit devices and also the
way you can import data and also the way
you interact with the AI from Google and
Fitbit because I suspect that in the
Google Health app here, the coach and
all the other AI features will be
updated more frequently and probably
with better models sooner just because
Google owns the Gemini model and they
can directly integrate it in everything
they do. So, in the end, it really
depends on what you want. Of course, the
major benefit of Fitbit is the price. If
you just want basic tracking, I cannot
really recommend the Whoopstrap at this
point because the price point of the
Fitbit Air at $99 is just so much better
and you don't need a subscription. Now,
Whoop actually has three tiers. There's
Whoop 1, Whoop Peak, and Whoop Live. And
in general, I can really recommend Whoop
Peak, both Whoop One. And I think not
that many people actually need Whoop
Live. I think this is sort of the sweet
spot I would go for. But of course at
here €264,
probably a bit cheaper with some
discounts, especially on Black Friday,
it's quite expensive. Where for the
Fitbit, a oneoff payment gets you all
the basics. Again, if you do want all
the premium features, you're also going
to pay a hundred bucks a year to get all
those features on top of that $99
starting price. So, including those
premium features, then I think the Whoop
Strap and Fibbit are becoming a bit more
comparable. Still, the Fibbit will be
cheaper. But there, I would personally,
if I have the money, still slightly
prefer the Whoop Strap over the Fitbit
Air. But again, if you just want basic
tracking at this point, I would
recommend the Fibbit Air over the Whoop
Strap. If you don't want those insights,
you just want to see your metrics, you
don't want any coaching, you just want
to see your data and make your own
decisions, then for most people probably
the Fibbit Air is just such a good deal.
Now, that does mean you will be missing
out on certain things. And me
personally, for my day-to-day tracking,
I mainly rely on my Whoop and I'll be
sticking with it for now. But I hope
that the prices will not increase even
further. I've just at this point also
integrated a whole whoop tracking in my
life and also use the daily strain and
the health really to guide my workouts.
But again, there's a lot of personal
preference there. Some people will
definitely prefer the layout and the
usability and the amount of text in the
app from Google Health whereas some
people will prefer the slightly more
simple Whoop Strap. So budget and how
much you're going to use it is also just
very important. I really realized
recently that depending on where you
live, that price tag of whoop of let's
say 250 bucks a year sounds like a lot
or like a little. If you live in New
York and you have a decent job, that
probably doesn't sound like much. If you
live in Europe, it already sounds like
quite a bit more money, but it's still
definitely affordable. But if you live
in a lower income country, then the
Fibbit Air is just such a good deal that
you're probably going to go with that.
And even in higher inome countries, the
Fitbit Air will definitely be a good fit
for many people. I think data quality
wise, they're just very similar. So,
it's just up to you. Hi, Rob from yet
another future here. There have been
some developments and I needed to add
them to the video. I actually already
had it uploaded and scheduled ready to
go, but this is important enough that
I'll postpone that and I'll quickly
share those updates that Google sent me.
Now, these are not yet implemented
update, but planned. So, they really
listen to the community and to the
reviewers. So let me actually show you.
So right here is the part that I wanted
to highlight. So Google Health Coach
will be updated with more concise
messages without sacrificing detail and
finding some balance between positivity
and objectivity. And they also want to
include more visuals like charts maps
and glancible stats. So it seems that at
least it's on their road map to fix a
bunch of things. So just paraphrasing
Marquez here. Don't judge a product by
its promises but by its current
features. But still it's good that
Google is aware. Now back to Pass Rob.
Now if you do decide to get yourself the
Fivet Air, maybe you want the Whoop
Strap or the Amaz review coming soon. Or
maybe my favorite sleep improvement
device, the Hleep Pod. You want to
support the channel and get the best
discount possible. Use one of my
affiliate links down here or up here.
That really helps. and you can try them
out to see if you like them. Now, given
that you watched this entire video on
the comparison between the Whoop strap
and the Fibbit Air, I think you will
like my main review of the Fibbit Air or
this video on the HD Pod.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxemXKTPHw4
All right, so you may already have your
Fitbit Air or hopefully it's coming
soon, but I've been using the Fitbit Air
for quite a bit now, and I've definitely
learned a lot about how this works, as
well as some quirks behind it. So, in
this video, I want to share some top
tips and tricks on how to get the most
out of your Fitbit Air, as well as how
to get the most accurate data out of it.
And what's funny is that with my
in-depth review I just published,
although I talked a lot about accuracy
and health feedback and all that good
stuff, there was just so much more I
wanted to cover, but I also didn't want
that video to be an hour long. So, what
I thought I'd do is do this separate
video on how to use the Fitbit Air to
get the most meaningful health and
training feedback. All right, so first
up, let's actually start out talking
about the bands. So, this is more of a
sports and fitness focused channel, so
that's generally what I look for in a
band. But, when it comes to choosing a
band for sports, there's definitely
comfort, of course, but there's also how
well it stretches and how well it can
keep the sensor inside from moving
around. These kinds of optical heart
rate sensors don't like any movement,
and they also don't like any light
leaking in in between the sensor and
your skin. So, a good band for sports
needs to keep it nice and snug. So,
that's where, at least for me, I tend to
prefer the performance band or the Steph
Curry band the most. But the active band
can work well here, too. But with the
performance band and the Steph Curry
band, so these are similar, but there's
a couple differences between them. So,
the Steph Curry band also has a silicone
coating on the inside, which helps it
grip to the skin a little bit better,
but it doesn't necessarily feel like a
full silicone band, which I tend to like
this feeling. And the Steph Curry band
apparently also has a better
water-resistant coating, so it shouldn't
soak up as much moisture after shower or
workout than the performance band. But
both these bands are fabric, so they
will stay a little bit wet after a
workout or shower, but for like 10 to 15
minutes. So that's where if you don't
necessarily want your band to be wet for
about 10 to 15 minutes after a shower,
you could go with the active band, which
is pure silicone, which won't soak up
any moisture. But I find that it doesn't
have as much stretch as the performance
bands over here. And this is just more
of a me thing, but I tend to prefer the
feel of fabric over silicone a little
bit better. But then when it comes to
style, so I think that's what they're
intending this elevated band to be all
about. And I think it definitely looks
great, but there's basically no stretch
to it at all. So it may be a challenge
to get it snug enough to capture
accurate heart rate. So next up, let's
talk about how to wear it. And this is
going to be really important to get the
most accurate heart rate possible. And
especially so with this because it's so
light and thin. So since it's so small,
there's less room for error with this
versus something like a Whoop band or
even a smartwatch where these have more
surface area so there's more skin
contact and also more surface area on
the sides to prevent light from leaking
in. But with the Fitbit Air when it
comes to sports at least. So what I do
is recommend to have it a little bit
higher up on the wrist right here and
definitely have it nice and snug. Not
like so snug it's cutting off
circulation or anything like that, but
definitely snug enough so it doesn't
move around at all and no light's going
to be leaking in. Now, throughout the
day outside of sports, it's probably not
as big a deal to have it super snug. But
for sports, I found it to be very
important to make sure it's tight to the
skin to get accurate heart rate. And the
reason I put it up a little bit higher,
by the way, is that these kinds of
sensors like more flush to work with.
And funny enough, the wrist is one of
the worst places to capture accurate
heart rate because there's a lot of
bones and tendons, which can affect
blood flow, and especially so when we're
gripping onto something. Anyhow, I
really can't emphasize enough though is
that there's a little bit less room for
error with this to capture accurate
heart rate where you really should have
it nice and snug for sports. The
unfortunate thing about the band options
right now is that there's currently no
armband. And this is actually a better
place to measure heart rate with optical
heart rate sensors. So hopefully we will
see an option soon. So I'm going to
guess that if you're watching this
video, you already have your Fitbit Air
and you've downloaded the Google Health
app. So I wanted to go and quickly go
over some of the main stats that you get
here. So, when you open up the app on
the homepage, it has your main stats up
top, and then you can swipe back and
forth to see more stats. And you'll also
be able to customize this area with a
list of stats that they have here. One
kind of strange thing right now is that
you currently can't rearrange these
easily just by tapping and holding like
you can do on plenty of other apps where
you actually have to remove them and
then add them back in to resort the
order. But apparently, they are working
on improving that whole experience. And
this is definitely a fresh app and I'll
probably be saying that a little bit in
this video. Anyhow, below that is going
to be a timeline of the last two days.
So, this shows any workouts, sleep, and
this will also include the AI insights
if you have the premium subscription,
which again, if you just got your Air,
you should have gotten a 3-month free
trial with it. But here's what it looks
like on another account, which I set up
using a Pixel Watch without premium, but
it basically just doesn't include the AI
bits. But the highlight metrics here are
going to be cardio load over here on the
left, steps, readiness, and sleep. So
you can think of cardio load as
basically about how much work your heart
is doing. Whether that's just during the
day, during normal everyday stuff like
chores around the house, but also
accumulated during workouts. And load is
something that's been widely used in the
sports and fitness industry for years as
a way of measuring the amount of
cardiovascular strain. But you'll get
cardio load from everything throughout
the day. And and then you can also see
the specific cardio load per workout. A
bit more interestingly though is that it
can also set a cardio load target for
you where after a couple weeks it can
start to understand your particular
amount of cardio load you accumulate to
establish a baseline and then it can
suggest a cardio load target. But it can
definitely take a little while to learn
your particular metrics but it does
learn over time and then it adapts as it
gets more information as you can see
here for my cardio load and cardio load
targets over the last few weeks. Steps
are well steps but there's actually a
little bit more than just that. So these
kinds of trackers look for wrist motion
for steps. So, for actual steps, this
works as long as we're moving our arms.
Where steps can get funky, though, is
that let's say we're walking with a
stroller or we're walking on a treadmill
with our hands on the sides. Steps may
not be counted there since our arms are
moving. So, to get a more accurate step
count there, we need to be moving our
arms. Where it gets even trickier though
is for things that don't involve actual
steps where it thinks you're taking a
step. So, with some previous Fitbit
devices, I saw a tendency of it being
too aggressive in looking for any kind
of movement and just calling it a step.
like I could be driving for 30 minutes
and end up with hundreds of extra steps,
but that seems to be a lot better with
the Fitbit Air where with something like
a just a 15 20 minute drive, it only
added a handful of extra steps. And I
think that's probably okay considering
we could be doing things like turning
the steering wheel or maybe even doing
that wavy thing outside the window.
Where it gets even more interesting,
though, is with activity tracking. So,
if you're manually recording an activity
that wouldn't typically involve true
steps, like let's say cycling, rowing,
and possibly even weight training, it
will specifically not count anything it
thinks is a step during those manually
recorded sessions. False steps can
definitely happen just because there's
similar motion that could be thought of
as a step. So, it's kind of smart that
actually specifically don't include
steps for specific types of workouts.
But don't worry, for stuff like walking
and running, those still totally collect
steps. So, that's how steps work during
manually recorded activities. But
there's also automatically detected
activities. And this is also kind of
interesting where with this it will
actually add anything it thought of
worse steps during those activities if
you don't manually start and stop an
activity. So it's kind of interesting to
see the difference there. But for my
testing of this with automatic tracking
during something like rowing it did add
some additional steps. But with
something like cycling, no additional
steps were added which was definitely a
good thing. So step counting
unfortunately isn't perfect by any
means. Like even putting this on our
ankle wouldn't solve everything because
with something like cycling which
doesn't involve actual steps, our legs
are sort of moving which may trigger a
step. But I think it is kind of
interesting how they're specifically
excluding step counts for particular
types of manually tracked activities.
Anyhow, kind of went down a rabbit hole
when it comes to step counting there.
But now let's talk about readiness. So
this is a one-time metric in the morning
where this is based on sleep stats like
resting heart rate, heart rate
variability, as well as sleep quality.
And this just like cardio load targets
takes a bit of time for it to actually
learn your stats to establish a baseline
where it takes about a week of sleeping
with your air to populate this readiness
score. And then they say that it should
be fully calibrated within about a
month. Now this readiness score here
doesn't change throughout the day. So
this is a one-time metric you get in the
morning. So even after hard workout,
this doesn't change. However, you should
see that hard workout kind of reflected
in your cardio load as well as your
calories burned. And then when it comes
to sleep tracking, so they say they've
improved the accuracy of this with an
update to their algorithm, but if you're
coming from another wearable to the
Fitbit Air, there may be a few things
that don't necessarily line up one to
one because each company can do things
differently when it comes to how they
interpret sleep and they have their own
algorithms. So, one thing I noticed is
that short awake periods throughout the
night, like usually just a couple
minutes or so, like if I were to go to
the bathroom really quick, weren't
necessarily showing up for me in the
awake timeline, but they were still
showing up in restlessness. And this is
basically all about how they look at
restless periods throughout the night
versus actual wake time where it will
only be moments longer than 5 minutes
that will show up in the awake timeline
or in the breakdown of sleep stages. But
again, other companies may do this
differently. Like here, my eight sleep
and Garmin were the most sensitive to
show my awake times. My Aura rank showed
a little bit less, but still there, but
then the short periods didn't
necessarily show up on the Fitbit Air.
But basically, this is what Google sent
me when it comes to how they think about
restlessness versus awake periods
throughout the night. But there's also
currently a bug with sleep scores that
I'm seeing where they're not appearing
the day of, but they'll then somehow
appear a day later. And the fix for this
is basically just to log out and then
log back in and then it'll recalculate
the score. But this apparently should be
fixed in an upcoming update. So when it
comes to tracking workouts, so there's
two ways of going about this where you
can start a workout in the app, which
will give the most detail, but you don't
necessarily have to do anything where it
can attempt to detect what you're doing
and then log a workout in the app. So,
to manually record a workout, all you
have to do is tap on the start button
here, and then you can choose from quite
a few different exercises with both
outdoor and indoor workouts. For indoor
workouts, it'll show stuff like the
timer, heart rate, and cardio load. And
then for outdoor workouts, here's where
you can also get speed and distance
using your phone's GPS since this
doesn't have built-in GPS, but manually
tracking the workout with the app and
your Air at the same time will get you
the most detail possible. Now, there's
actually a difference between the app
experience right now between iOS and
Android, where on iOS, there's no true
live activity view like we can have on
Apple Fitness as well as even Whoop,
where those actually have nice robust
information. But right now on iOS, it's
just basically this notification that
you're doing something. But on Android,
you will be able to see your heart rate
as well as a timer. But we really do
need a true live activity view to see
more details versus just the simple
notifications that they currently have.
Anyhow, the point I'm getting to is that
if we do forget to stop an activity and
discover it's still going a few hours
later, we have the ability to edit these
sessions later to get the most accurate
stats. But one of the best things about
these kinds of bands and activity
trackers is more of that wear and forget
it sort of aspect where we can just go
about our day and do whatever and it
tracks everything in the background. And
a feature surrounding this is automatic
activity detection where it can attempt
to detect certain activities and then
log those in the app. And what I found
is that it works really well for me for
running, cycling, rowing, high-intensity
interval training, as well as walking,
but it doesn't seem to pick up my weight
training sessions. And it's supposed to
learn your patterns over time for better
detection. And the more information you
give it, subsequent activities should
have better accuracy. But I haven't seen
it pick up any of my weight training
sessions quite yet. But all the other
activities have been pretty darn
accurate. And the time for it to
actually detect a workout can vary quite
a bit, too, depending on the kind of
activity. So, for instance, with
running, that was super quick for me,
where it was usually right around 10
minutes or so before I got the
notification after I got done running.
But for something like cycling, the
quickest I got was around 26 minutes,
but sometimes up to 37 minutes. But then
for highintensity interval style
training, that was quicker, more around
that 20 minute range. But then for
strength training, again, I have yet to
see that automatically detected. But I'd
say give it at least 20 to 30 minutes
for the notification to pop up. But if
for some reason it doesn't, or if you
just get impatient, you can simply log
it manually using the log button and
entering your details. Or you can just
use the chat function to do this. One of
the things I really like about the chat
function is the ability to add sets and
reps and workout types to strength
training sessions, which I just find to
be a little bit easier way to add this
info for these kinds of workouts. But
they also have an upcoming feature which
may help with all this where they're
going to have an inrogress sort of
notification come up if it thinks you're
doing a workout. Unfortunately, I don't
have any screenshots of this feature I
can share at the moment, but I think
this feature could really be helpful to
give us a little more confidence that's
actually logging something. But again,
even if it doesn't log an actual
workout, it's not like it loses any data
or anything like that. It's still
tracking all your heart rate and that's
still contributing to your calories
burned as well as your cardio load. It's
just that there's not specific workout
details. But again, you can just go and
log that period of time as a workout to
get the more detailed stats. But do note
though that for automatically tracked
workouts, there's no location data like
you can get with manually recorded
outdoor activities since this does not
have GPS. However, for automatically
detected running and walking, it can
estimate distance. And this is based on
the amount of steps that you took and
the stride length that's set in the app
under activity settings. And the stride
length can be estimated based on a
manually recorded outdoor run where it
can use GPS and cadence to estimate your
stride length. But in my case, the
stride length estimation was a bit too
long. So I manually entered my stride
length for better estimation. Oh, and
then one feature I really did like about
the AI Coach, by the way, is the ability
to log food really easily where I can
just tell it what I ate or I could just
take a photo. And I found it does a
surprisingly good job at identifying it.
Now, there's been a ton of feedback on
this new app and I think a lot of things
are going to be changing in the future,
hopefully for the better. But I think
most of the things I mentioned in this
video should still apply. But I hope
some of these tips and tricks can help
you get the most out of your Fitbit Air.
And if you found the information in this
video to be useful, just do me a favor
and hit that like button down below. And
also be on the lookout for tons more
videos just like this that are dropping
soon. Thanks so much for watching and we
will see you in the next video.